URL: https://www.imdb.com
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app 3:07 'Twisters'3:07 Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real4:20 The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One'2:27 Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation1:01 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 4:35 A Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers4:35 Watch the Tribute 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions3:58 Q&A With Ncuti Gatwa and Millie Gibson 6:32 Watch Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Lose It for 7 Minutes6:32 'The Fall Guy' Cast Talk Stunts and Margaritas 4:32 Taking on 'Challengers'4:32 Zendaya, Mike, and Josh Share Their Creative Process 2:02 June Squibb Is 'Thelma'2:02 Watch the Trailer 3:23 "Hacks" Stars Talk Season 33:23 Our Interview With Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder 2:46 'Despicable Me 4'2:46 Watch the New Trailer 1:58 How 'Past Lives' Changed Greta Lee's Life1:58 Watch Our Interview 1:01 "The Boys" Are Back1:01 Watch the Season 4 Trailer 2:08 'Fancy Dance'2:08 Watch the Trailer Up next 2:08 'Fancy Dance' Watch the Trailer 3:07 'Twisters' Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One' Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 4:35 A Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers Watch the Tribute Browse trailers Featured today List IMDb's 2024 Summer Watch Guide See our picks List The 2024 Festival Films You Need to Know See the list Photos The Doctor Through the Years See the Doctors List Staff Picks: What to Watch in May See our picks Photos 'Superman' First Look and More New Stills See more stills Photos The Best Photos of the Week See the gallery Photos The Latest TV & Movie Posters See more posters List Roger Corman's 10 Highest-Rated Films See the list List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See the list 4:31 Easterseals Disability Film Challenge: Watch the Winners Watch the videos List IMDb's Asian and Pacific American Heritage Watchlist See the list List Hollywood's Greatest Stunt Performers See the list Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the full gallery List What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" See our recommendations What to watch Get more recommendations More to watch IMDb helps you select the perfect next show or movie to watch. Watch GuideMost Popular Exclusive videos IMDb Originals Celebrity interviews, trending entertainment stories, and expert analysis 1:40 4 Basketball Classics and 3 You May Have Missed See our picks 6:32 Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Talk Stunts and Spicy Margs Watch now 2:59 How Dev Patel Directed a Movie With Only One Paw Watch now 2:39 The Art of the Con in "Ripley" Watch now 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real Watch now 1:01 5 Animated & Live-Action Movie Mashups See our picks 5:41 Anne Hathaway on Nicholas Galitzine's Heartthrob Status Watch now 3:23 Jean Smart & Hannah Einbinder on "Hacks" Season 3 Watch the interview 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions Watch now Explore what’s streaming Explore Movies & TV shows More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/?ref_=nv_home
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app 3:07 'Twisters'3:07 Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real4:20 The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One'2:27 Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation1:01 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 1:01 "The Boys" Are Back1:01 Watch the Season 4 Trailer 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions3:58 Q&A With Ncuti Gatwa and Millie Gibson 2:46 'Despicable Me 4'2:46 Watch the New Trailer 4:32 Taking on 'Challengers'4:32 Zendaya, Mike, and Josh Share Their Creative Process 6:32 Watch Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Lose It for 7 Minutes6:32 'The Fall Guy' Cast Talk Stunts and Margaritas 4:35 A Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers4:35 Watch the Tribute 3:23 "Hacks" Stars Talk Season 33:23 Our Interview With Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder 2:02 June Squibb Is 'Thelma'2:02 Watch the Trailer 1:58 How 'Past Lives' Changed Greta Lee's Life1:58 Watch Our Interview 2:08 'Fancy Dance'2:08 Watch the Trailer Up next 2:08 'Fancy Dance' Watch the Trailer 3:07 'Twisters' Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One' Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 1:01 "The Boys" Are Back Watch the Season 4 Trailer Browse trailers Featured today List IMDb's 2024 Summer Watch Guide See our picks List The 2024 Festival Films You Need to Know See the list Photos The Doctor Through the Years See the Doctors List Hollywood's Greatest Stunt Performers See the list Photos The Latest TV & Movie Posters See more posters List Roger Corman's 10 Highest-Rated Films See the list List IMDb's Asian and Pacific American Heritage Watchlist See the list List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See the list Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the full gallery Photos The Best Photos of the Week See the gallery List What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" See our recommendations List Staff Picks: What to Watch in May See our picks 4:31 Easterseals Disability Film Challenge: Watch the Winners Watch the videos Photos 'Superman' First Look and More New Stills See more stills What to watch Get more recommendations More to watch IMDb helps you select the perfect next show or movie to watch. Watch GuideMost Popular Exclusive videos IMDb Originals Celebrity interviews, trending entertainment stories, and expert analysis 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions Watch now 3:23 Jean Smart & Hannah Einbinder on "Hacks" Season 3 Watch the interview 5:41 Anne Hathaway on Nicholas Galitzine's Heartthrob Status Watch now 2:39 The Art of the Con in "Ripley" Watch now 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real Watch now 6:32 Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Talk Stunts and Spicy Margs Watch now 1:40 4 Basketball Classics and 3 You May Have Missed See our picks 2:59 How Dev Patel Directed a Movie With Only One Paw Watch now 1:01 5 Animated & Live-Action Movie Mashups See our picks Explore what’s streaming Explore Movies & TV shows More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/news/movie/?ref_=nv_nw_mv
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Movie News ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Swings to $72 Million at Overseas Box Office, Mighty $129 Million Globally Disney and 20th Century’s “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” climbed to $72.5 million at the international box office in its first weekend of release. The newest film in the long-running “Apes” series also notched No. 1 in North America with $56.5 million, bringing its initial global tally to a promising $129 million. Like its predecessors, the $160 million-budgeted “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” is projected to earn the bulk of its revenues at the international box office. Overseas, the movie enjoyed the biggest start in China with $11.4 million (a lackluster debut for the territory), France with $7.1 million, Mexico with $6.4 million and the United Kingdom with $4.8 million. Other top markets were Korea ($3.2 million), Australia ($2.7 million), Brazil ($2.6 million), Germany (2.2 million) and Spain ($2.2 million). Audiences opted to watch the film in the best possible quality as premium formats represented 41% of global box office revenues. In Imax alone, “Kingdom” earned $13.2 million worldwide, including $6.2 million from foreign territories. See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Rebecca Rubin Variety - Film News Roger Corman, Pioneering Independent Producer and King of B Movies, Dies at 98 Legendary B-movie king Roger Corman, who directed and produced hundreds of low-budget films and discovered such future industry stars as Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro, has died. He was 98. Corman died May 9 at his home in Santa Monica, Calif., surrounded by family members, the family confirmed to Variety. “His films were revolutionary and iconoclastic, and captured the spirit of an age. When asked how he would like to be remembered, he said, ‘I was a filmmaker, just that,'” the family said in a statement. Corman’s empire, which existed in several incarnations, including New World Pictures,... See full article at Variety - TV News 5/12/2024 by Richard Natale and Tim Gray Variety - TV News Walton Goggins Found Transforming Into the Ghoul in ‘Fallout’ Challenging: ‘It Was Extremely Uncomfortable’ Does Walton Goggins smell an Emmy approaching? Probably not, but only because his character in Amazon Prime Video’s hit “Fallout” TV series doesn’t have a nose. But nevertheless, his performance is earning rave reviews and awards voters are known to love a transformation. Goggins spent hours in the makeup chair before almost every shoot to turn into The Ghoul, a lone-wolf wastelander who’s been around for hundreds of years. In an interview with Deadline Studio at Prime Experience, Goggins acknowledged the difficulties of taking on this character physically and emotionally. “The very first time we did the application [of his mask],” Goggins said, “I asked to be left alone for an hour and a half outside and Jonah [Nolan] came by. I just sat outside by myself and just photographed it like in the sun and in the shade. I was extremely intimidated but excited to see how this Ferrari would work. See full article at Indiewire 5/13/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire A dog in the dock and another doing red carpet interviews: why has Cannes gone canine crazy? Once a celebration of arthouse raunch, the film festival has had to change in the #MeToo era. Is that why, on screen and off, pooches are everywhere this year? Our writer goes walkies on the Côte d’Azur One of the most eagerly anticipated talents about to grace the red carpet at Cannes this week is tall, blond, leggy and has a seductively husky voice. Par for the course, you might think, at the glitzy, notoriously libidinous film festival on the sun-kissed Côte d’Azur – were it not for that lolling tongue and the fact that the bag in the hands of the entourage is more likely to be a doggy-doo than a Birkin or Chanel. Fawn-maned griffon cross Kodi is the star of French-Swiss actor Laetitia Dosch’s directorial debut Dog on Trial, a film that feels precision-engineered for Cannes’ 77th edition in more ways than one. Dosch tells... See full article at The Guardian - Film News 5/13/2024 by Philip Oltermann The Guardian - Film News China Box Office: ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Opens on Top of Weekend Chart “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” debuted on top of the mainland China box office with an opening weekend score of $11.4 million (RMB81.1 million). That was only the fourth weekend this year that a Hollywood film has topped the China charts and the third time in 2024 that a Hollywood title has opened on top. “Apes” was also the top film this weekend in North America and international markets. Data from consultancy firm Artisan Gateway showed that the film accounted for some 30% of the theatrical total on a weekend where theaters earned a combined $38.2 million. The nationwide total represented a significant slump compared with the previous May Day holiday weekend which was worth $109 million. On a year-to-date basis, Chinese theaters have earned $2.92 billion. That still leaves China as the world’s biggest theatrical market so far in 2024, ahead of North America where cumulative takings amount to $2.92. But the gap may... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/13/2024 by Patrick Frater Variety - Film News Star Trek's Walter Koenig Had A Big Idea For His Cancelled Next Generation Cameo There were multiple crossovers between the original "Star Trek" and "Star Trek: The Next Generation." This first happened in the 1987 pilot episode of the latter, wherein DeForest Kelley appeared as a very elderly — 137! — Dr. McCoy. Then in 1991's "Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country," Captain Kirk (William Shatner) and Dr. McCoy were put on trial in a Klingon court, and their Klingon defense lawyer was played by "Next Generation" Worf actor Michael Dorn. There is some debate as to whether or not Dorn was playing an ancestor of Worf's in that film. What's more, Sarek (Mark Lenard) appeared on "Next Generation" in an episode devoted to him. Later still, Spock (Leonard Nimoy) appeared in a two-part episode of "Next Generation" as a rogue diplomat trying to reunify the Romulans and the Vulcans. Luckily, Vulcans are very long-lived. And finally, Scotty (James Doohan) appeared on an episode of "Next Generation," having... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Interview With The Vampire Season 2 Keeps One Of The Best Parts Of The Novel This post contains spoilers for AMC's "Interview with the Vampire." What is the price of being immortal? The true bane of immortality is erosion, where memories elongate and distort over time, and our perceptions of people ebb and flow with the power of hindsight and the lull of nostalgia. If an immortal were to narrate their lives on record, recount every delightful and traumatic memory in vivid detail, would these accounts be considered "truth"? This crucial question lies at the heart of the season 2 premiere of "Interview with the Vampire," which builds on the slanted truth of its first season and deepens the distortions of experiencing emotions that never end. The AMC show has already proven its ingenuity in adapting a classic novel series that is beloved and controversial. It has identified the core appeal of Anne Rice's "The Vampire Chronicles" by leaning on the novel series' danger-tinged... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Debopriyaa Dutta Slash Film Korea Box Office: ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Opens Second as ‘Roundup: Punishment’ Wins Third Weekend “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” opened in second place at the South Korean weekend box office, a distance behind local holdover title “The Roundup: Punishment.” “Punishment,” the fourth part of Don Lee’s “Roundup” action franchise, dominated proceedings for the third weekend in succession. It earned $5.53 million and advanced its cumulative total to $67.7 million, according to Kobis, the tracking service operated by the Korean Film Council (Kofic). Its earnings represented a still strong 58% share of the weekend theatrical market, but they were also down by 60% week-on-week, suggesting that “Punishment” may not reach the heights of the previous franchise elements. In 2022, “The Roundup” earned $95.7 million (using current rates of currency exchange), while last year “The Roundup: No Way Out” earned $76.3 million. “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” recorded $2.45 million between Friday and Sunday with a 26% market share. Over its full five-day opening in Korea, the film earned $3.10 million from 415,000 ticket sales. See full article at Variety - Film News 5/13/2024 by Patrick Frater Variety - Film News The American National Tragedy That Gave A Nightmare On Elm Street Its Name 40 years later, the original "A Nightmare on Elm Street" has more than earned its place in cinema history as a slasher classic. Written and directed by the late (and very much missed) Wes Craven, the 1984 horror film follows a group of teens from Springwood, Ohio -- which looks suspiciously like Los Angeles in several shots, but charmingly so -- as they begin dreaming of the same mysterious figure. This man, whose face is covered in burn marks and wears a glove armed with razor blades, is no shared figment of their imagination. He's Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund), the vengeful ghost of a local child murderer who now has the power to kill his victims in their sleep. Why is he vengeful? Freddy, you see, was eventually arrested but avoided punishment after getting off on a legal technicality. In retaliation, his victims' loved ones hunted him down and burnt him to death,... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Sandy Schaefer Slash Film Mark Damon, Veteran International Sales Executive and Actor, Dies at 91 Mark Damon, an actor-turned-independent sales executive who was a force in the foreign sales world and at film markets for many decades, died Sunday in Los Angeles, according to his wife. He was 91. Damon won the Golden Globe for Most Promising Newcomer for his starring role in 1960’s “House of Usher” for director Roger Corman, who died Thursday, then went on to appear in numerous Spaghetti Westerns and other B-movies shot in Europe, from “Johnny Yuma” to Mario Bava’s “Black Sabbath.” Born Alan Harris in Chicago, Damon earned an Mba at UCLA, then moved to Rome where he established a busy acting career. When he returned to the U.S., he founded Producers Sales Organization to bring American independent films to international distributors, helping launch the American Film Market and Independent Film & Television Alliance. He explained how his business started in a 2013 Variety profile: “Back in 1975, it was very tough. See full article at Variety - Film News 5/13/2024 by Pat Saperstein Variety - Film News The Only Sean Connery Movie That Has A Perfect Rotten Tomatoes Score When you think of Sean Connery, you probably think of either James Bond or Indiana Jones' dad. If you grew up in the '90s you might even think of that movie where he was on a submarine, or vaguely recall the marketing for a film where he played opposite Catherine Zeta-Jones. But there's no doubt that long before Connery was advising the "Hunt for Red October" director to rewrite the film's script, or complaining about "Entrapment" having too many special effects, he was best known as either England's greatest spy or as Dr. Henry Jones, Sr. Still, when it comes to an actor as talented as Connery, not everyone thinks of these roles as his best. If you ask Christopher Nolan, for instance, he'll tell you that the Scottish star's finest performance came in Sidney Lumet's 1973 crime drama "The Offence," with Nolan recently celebrating the film for containing... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Joe Roberts Slash Film Why DeAnne Smith Featured Their Ex-Boobs in Hannah Gadsby’s Latest Netflix Special It’s a cardinal rule of entertainment obsession that if any movie, TV show, or special explicitly offers you contact information — be it a phone number, a social media account, or an email address — you try to use it. Following that lead out of “Hannah Gadsby’s Gender Agenda,” which debuted March 5 on Netflix, DeAnne Smith discovered a bouncy and bold new reason for sneaking just that sort of bonus content into stand-up comedy. Commemorating their specific experience as a nonbinary person through a secret inbox for fans (something Smith is still managing in their spare time offstage months later), the agender comedian found a means of connecting to both cis and trans people through a shared interest: boobs. “I wanted to talk about top surgery because I know that’s not relatable to everyone, but I wanted to reach people that it was relatable to,” Smith told IndieWire. For the... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Alison Foreman Indiewire Screenwriting Couple Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver Offer Advice on Breaking into Industry: ‘Try to Make the Stories as Personal as Possible’ “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” may not feature the words of screenwriting power couple Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver, but their imprint is all over the reboot franchise and because of the producer credit they fought for when they wrote “Rise,” their names will be too. Having been an agent before he transitioned into screenwriting, Jaffa was well acquainted with the benefits of obtaining producer status and it has since allowed him and wife Amanda Silver to maintain ownership over a reboot franchise many consider to be better than its predecessor. In a recent interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Jaffa said his creative shift away from agency work wasn’t much of a surprise, but that Silver helped him along. “I loved movies and saw a ton of films,”Jaffa said of how he spent his youth. “I would drive from the small town I grew up in... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire First Ideas For Dune's Opening Scenes Would Have Eaten Up The Entire Movie Budget For many years, Frank Herbert's "Dune" saga was described as impossible to adapt. Oh, people tried (check out our ranking of the "Dune" movies/TV here), but it wasn't until director Denis Villeneuve's two recent "Dune" films (with a third movie forthcoming) that one of these efforts was acclaimed. Villeneuve went from making a sequel to "Blade Runner" to adapting a story deemed a white whale. You can't say he doesn't have ambition, but even he has his limits. Speaking to IndieWire in 2022, "Dune" screenwriter Eric Roth described his original pitch for the movie's opening sequence. Essentially, it was the Book of Genesis, Arrakis edition: "I started the movie with what would seem to be 'Genesis — 'and God created'— and you think you're seeing the formation of the Earth. And it's Dune, with wild animals, things you've never seen." Roth remembered Villeneuve's answer, "This is magnificent, but... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Devin Meenan Slash Film Mark Damon, film sales pioneer and former leading man, dies on eve of Cannes aged 91 Mark Damon, the former spaghetti western leading man who turned to a pioneering career in independent sales and financing and was a fixture at the film markets, has died on the eve of Cannes. He was 91. Damon’s representatives confirmed he died in Los Angeles on Sunday (May 12). Damon produced, packaged and sold numerous films and led Producer Sales Organization (Pso), Vision International, Mdp Worldwide, Media 8, and most recently Foresight Unlimited. He attended Cannes dozens of times and produced or served as executive producer on more than 70 films. One of his most illustrious producer credits came at Media 8 with Patty Jenkins’ Monster. See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily The Only Major Actors Still Alive From Thx 1138 Before "Star Wars," there was "Thx 1138." A strange, dystopic science fiction movie packed with big ideas up to its eyeballs, "Thx 1138" is now mostly known as the feature directorial debut of one George Walton Lucas Jr. (though it also came back in conversation when the best episode of "Andor" paid homage to it). The future Lucasfilm founder originally created this story of repressed emotions and stymied sexuality as a student film, but by the time it was reimagined as a feature, it had gained backing from Warner Bros. Lucas' American Zoetrope co-founder Francis Ford Coppola also had faith in the movie, and served as one of its producers. "Thx 1138" starred Robert Duvall, then already known for his work on stage and television, not to mention in films like "To Kill A Mockingbird," "M*A*S*H," and "True Grit." Future "Halloween" actor Donald Pleasence co-starred, along with a then-unknown actress named Maggie McOmie. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Valerie Ettenhofer Slash Film Amy Poehler Wants ‘Inside Out’ Series to Be Like Michael Apted’s ‘Up’ Saga, Show Character Riley as ‘a Young Adult, and a Young Mother’ Is Disney about to have its own “Before” series? Just as Richard Linklater’s day-in-the-life romances touch in on the lives of Celine and Jesse at different points in their lives, Amy Poehler would like to see the “Inside Out” sequels explore main character Riley’s emotions at different stages in her aging. “I just think that they should make these films like ‘Seven Up,’ every couple of years in Riley’s life,” she said in an interview with Empire. “A young adult, and a young mother, and I think a middle-aged person — everyone’s having these very distinct new emotions that are showing up all the time.” Speaking to IndieWire last month for a sneak peek of “Inside Out 2,” the film’s director Kelsey Mann echoed that idea of “new emotions showing up” being central to how he looked at this new chapter. “I hated everyone looking at me,... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire How An Unassuming Lucasfilm Employee Ended Up Playing Jedi Aayla Secura In Star Wars "Star Wars" is very unique even in and amongst other major franchises. One thing that stands out is that even minor characters with mere seconds of screen time can achieve some form of infamy in the greater pop culture consciousness. Boba Fett, played by actor Jeremy Bulloch, remains the best example of this. But Amy Allen experienced her own version of this phenomenon when she played the Twi'lek Jedi Master Aayla Secura in George Lucas' prequel trilogy. Aayla appeared in both "Attack of the Clones" and "Revenge of the Sith," though she traces her roots back to the pages of the "Star Wars" comics published by Dark Horse in the early 2000s, having appeared on the cover of "Star Wars" #33 in 2001 as part of the "Darkness" arc, for example. So, how did Allen come to bring the Jedi to life on the big screen? The actress explained to Tatooine Times... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Ryan Scott Slash Film Susan Backlinie, Who Played the First Shark Attack Victim in ‘Jaws,’ Dies at 77 Susan Backlinie, who played the first shark attack victim in Steven Spielberg’s “Jaws,” has died. She was 77. Backlinie died Saturday morning at her California home due to a heart attack, Convention All Stars owner Sean Clark confirmed to Variety. The former actor and stuntwoman was one of the company’s clients. Backlinie was best known for her role as Chrissie Watkins in “Jaws,” who is dragged to her death by a killer shark in the 1975 film’s iconic opening scene. Backlinie specialized in swimming work as a stunt performer. Contrary to widespread belief, Backlinie’s screams of anguish in the “Jaws” opening scene were not due to her being injured by the harness that jerked her back and forth. However, no one warned Backlinie when she would be pulled underwater in order to get a genuine reaction from her. Variety‘s “Jaws” review said of the shark attack sequences:... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Selena Kuznikov and Michaela Zee Variety - Film News ‘The Idea of You’ Author Robinne Lee on Anne Hathaway’s ‘Rocky’ Moment and How She Aims to Inspire Black Women Authors Back in 2017, Robinne Lee dropped by a local L.A. news station for an interview promoting her role in “Fifty Shades Darker,” the second film in the steamy series based on books by E.L. James. “You’re venturing out a little bit now with a new novel…” the Kcal anchor said to Lee, whose filmography already included “Deliver Us From Eva,” “Hitch” and “13 Going on 30,” teeing the actor up to mention her career pivot. “I have a novel coming out this spring called ‘The Idea of You,’” Lee replied, grinning. The premise was unique: A divorced mother and art gallery owner, living in L.A. on the precipice of turning 40, takes her daughter to a concert meet-and-greet and the 20-year-old lead singer of the band falls in love with her. The story, Lee explained, was “as much about a love story complicated by celebrity and the underbelly of... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Angelique Jackson and Michaela Zee Variety - Film News The Firehose Scene In Stephen King's Carrie Caused A Serious, Real-Life Injury "Carrie" is the book that put Stephen King on the map. When King wrote it, he was struggling financially, eking out a living selling short stories and teaching high school. Then he sat down to write what was first a short story that turned into a novella that turned into a novel. The novel was "Carrie," the story of a bullied teenage girl with telekinesis. The book wasn't a blockbuster when it was published in hardcover, but by the time it hit paperback, it flew off the shelves and King was on his way to becoming one of the best-selling novelists of all time. Sure enough, Hollywood came calling. The book was published in 1974, and by 1976, Brian De Palma's dreamy film adaptation arrived in theaters, starring Sissy Spacek as poor, doomed Carrie White, a girl who is tormented by pretty much everyone, including her Bible-loving mother (played by Piper Laurie) and her classmates. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Chris Evangelista Slash Film Voltage Pictures launching Cannes sales on racing drama ‘Faster’ (exclusive) Voltage Pictures launches Cannes sales this week on the motor racing drama Faster, which is currently shooting in France. Radar Films’ Clément Miserez and Matthieu Wart are producing the project, which is called Rapide in France, where Universal has targeted a February 2025 theatrical release. Morgan S. Dalibert, whose credits include Aka, directs the story starring French influencer Paola Locatelli from Netflix’s Dangerous Liaisons as Max, a speed freak who loves karting and dreams of winning the Formula 1 championship. Conquering every junior competition, at the age of 17 she realises the professional racing world remains a fortress, reluctant to welcome a... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily Doctor Who's First Musical Episode Should've Taken A Cue From Buffy The Vampire Slayer The new "Doctor Who" season's second installment, "The Devil's Chord," is the closest the show's come to a proper musical episode. Sure, there was that brief musical number in the latest Christmas episode, and that one song-based resolution in season 7, but we've never seen the show embrace the music quite like this one. There are multiple original numbers, including a battle where the villain's using floating notations like a cowboy swinging a lasso around. It's fun when "Doctor Who" goes full weird, and this episode is an exciting promise of more musical weirdness to come. But judging the episode by proper musical standards, how does it hold up? Well, not great. There's the problem that "There's Always a Twist At the End" is the only genuine catchy banger in the bunch, but more importantly, we never really got to hear the Doctor and Ruby sing about anything that matters. Sure,... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Michael Boyle Slash Film Steven Spielberg's Biggest Minority Report Inspiration Had Nothing To Do With Sci-Fi Steven Spielberg's filmmaking techniques took a large bound forward in 2001 with the release of "A.I. Artificial Intelligence." The sci-fi film, set in a near future populated by conscious androids, was a project Spielberg took over from an ailing Stanley Kubrick, who passed on it when he felt Spielberg could do it better. In "A.I.," Spielberg's photography and editing were very different from the slick, adventure films and glossy prestige pictures he had become popular making. Now everything was hazy, staid, more deliberate.  Although he had already won three Oscars (two for "Schindler's List" and one for "Saving Private Ryan") and was widely considered to be a reigning master of Hollywood's blockbuster class, Spielberg evolved. After 2001, Spielberg's career bifurcated into dispassionate effects-based thrillers wherein the filmmaker was merely experimenting, and deeply passionate political thrillers that used the politics of the past to reflect on issues of the day. The official... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Justin Lin Believes Cultural Labels Can Hurt Careers: ‘I Do Think There Are Restrictions’ Nowadays, when people hear the name Justin Lin, they think big-time Hollywood director with installments in both the “Star Trek” reboot film series and the “Fast & Furious” franchise. But back in 2002, he was just an indie filmmaker with one little-known feature under his belt and not much credit to his name. That all changed with one film, his 2002 Sundance breakout, “Better Luck Tomorrow,” which he also edited, co-wrote, and co-produced with the help of Mr. “Can’t Touch This” himself, Mc Hammer. The film chronicles a group of young Asians in America who start as overachievers but quickly turn to a life of crime and violence. Though not based on a real story, Lin was influenced by the violence he saw in his 20s, such as the Columbine shootings and more directly the murder of Stuart Tay. Speaking in a retrospective interview on the film with IGN, Lin said of the film’s success,... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire Jennifer Lawrence Slams Mike Pence at GLAAD Media Awards: ‘Conversion Therapy Isn’t Real,’ Even Though ‘You Think It Worked on You’ Ross Matthews wasn’t three words into his opening monologue at the 35th annual GLAAD Awards in New York City Saturday evening when a protester stood up from the audience to shout, “GLAAD is complicit in genocide.” The lone pro-Palestine advocate, blanketed by a wide-eyed room who let out a few jeers — “Who are you, you weirdo?” one donor shouted — was slowly, if not ceremoniously escorted from the room before she gave a final jab: “And so are all of you.” “Thank you for your free speech. I’m so glad you have freedom,” Matthews, the evening’s host, said from the stage in an awkward attempt to recognize the protester. “Well, that was uncomfy for all of us, but we have to fight for everyone’s rights. Thank you for my opener,” he moved on, back on his feet. And so set the tone for the evening. Each year in a star-studded ceremony,... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Michael Appler Variety - Film News Lucy Liu Honored at Gold House Gala: ‘You Have Made Me Feel Proud. I Feel Like It’s Been Very Lonely’ Lucy Liu was honored with the Legend award at the third annual Gold House Gold Gala on Saturday in Los Angeles. Liu delivered a passionate speech after accepting the award from Regina King. “What I love about Regina is that she always makes choices that are for her,” Liu told the audience. “When I started over 30 years ago, there weren’t a lot of choices that I could make for myself.” Liu — whose credits include “Ally McBeal,” “Elementary,” “Kill Bill Vol. 1,” “Charlie’s Angels” and Steven Soderbergh’s “Presence” — talked about having to make casting decisions “because of limitations.” She said, “I love that we are all here tonight because there is no ceiling, and I’ve never seen that for myself. I want us to all collectively understand how special this moment is that we are together as a community. I share this award with you because you have lifted me up,... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Jazz Tangcay Variety - Film News ‘Kingdom of the Planet Apes’ Is Not Enough to Achieve a $100 Million Box-Office Weekend “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” (Disney) opened to $56.5 million, slightly above pre-opening projections, which is encouraging after “The Fall Guy” (Universal) last week. That’s a relief to theaters that hope summer releases meet their potential and buffer what is expected to be a major drop in revenues versus last year. 20th Century Fox released “Planet of the Apes” in 1968. For an old franchise, this is one that still has plenty of life: The “Kingdom” opening matched the last “Apes” installment in 2017 (albeit when tickets cost 15 percent less). Speaking of old franchises, it also beat the $55 million opening of the 2021 Bond entry “No Time to Die.” Disappointing B Cinemascore aside, “Kingdom” seems poised for a solid run. The opening for “Kingdom” doubled that of “The Fall Guy;” that differential happens to reflect the difference in the films’ production budgets. “Apes” took in an initial $129 million worldwide. “The Fall Guy... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Tom Brueggemann Indiewire Summer TV Preview: Over 35 Series Must-See Series To Watch The summer TV series is here, and some of it has already commenced. Yes, some of these shows have aired already, but given most of them will be playing throughout the next few months—given the binge model seems to be going away on most channels, networks, and streamers other than Netflix—it looks more than ok to join them mid-airing. It should be said that summer previews are weird in that many streamers, networks, and cable channels do not reveal their entire lineups until maybe a month or two before release. Continue reading Summer TV Preview: Over 35 Series Must-See Series To Watch at The Playlist. See full article at The Playlist 5/12/2024 by Rodrigo Perez The Playlist The Marvels' Monica Rambeau Character Explained One of the best running gags in "The Marvels" involves Monica Rambeau (Teyonah Parris) and the search for a perfect superhero name. Despite a fair amount of enthusiasm from Kamala Khan (Iman Vellani), whose own alter ego was not-so-subtly inspired by her obsession with Captain Marvel (Brie Larson), Monica is seemingly uninterested in that particular hero perk. By the end of "The Marvels," she's still just Monica Rambeau — despite powering up in a major way, saving the universe from an errant wormhole, and ending up in an entirely new timeline. Monica's arc across the Marvel Cinematic Universe is pretty different from her peers, but it largely works to her benefit. In the comics, Monica is a superhero who's burned through a number of superhero nicknames. She's been called Photon, Spectrum, and even Captain Marvel throughout her tenure on the page — and her ever-changing role in the comics seems to have... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Lyvie Scott Slash Film The Most Confusing Parts Of David Lynch's Blue Velvet, Explained This post contains spoilers for "Blue Velvet." David Lynch's cinematic world tiptoes between stark reality and nightmarish dreams, where quaint, perfect lives and locales often hide Boschian hells. While some Lynchian small towns are infused with poetic romanticism despite harboring great evils (such as Twin Peaks), others, like Lumberton, weave an insincere facade with its aura of suburban bliss: a sentiment that forms the crux of Lynch's sensational, oft-misunderstood "Blue Velvet." Most of Lynch's work defies objective analysis, as the foundational ideas he embeds into his stories feel abstract and elusive, but are always tethered to reality in essential and terrifying ways. Although "Blue Velvet" helms one of the most straightforward narratives in Lynch's oeuvre — it is neither as labyrinthine nor heady as "Inland Empire" or "Mulholland Drive" — the film's graphic depictions of psychosexual impulses tend to confuse and alienate, with the merging of the real and the... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Debopriyaa Dutta Slash Film Anya Taylor-Joy Looks Back on the Wasteland and Her First Time Viewing ‘Furiosa’: ‘I Found it Very Traumatizing to Watch’ The wasteland can be a brutal place. Diegetically within the world of George Miller’s “Mad Max” film series and physically for the actors who have to inhabit it. Speaking with Variety for an interview on her upcoming role in “Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga,” star of the much-hyped prequel Anya Taylor-Joy discussed the challenges of taking on this role and how leaning into it was the only way through it. “I had the earliest call time of my life: 1:45 a.m.,” Taylor-Joy said. “I’d be like, ‘I just wrapped! What do you mean?! It’s a mistake!’” Part of that early call time involved Taylor-Joy getting into makeup, a process that required she be covered head-to-toe in the sand and sweat of Miller’s world. “You will not believe how dirty I had to be for it to read on camera,” she said to Variety. “The first... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire Ron Howard Remembers Roger Corman’s Mentorship and Impact on Filmmaking: ‘What a Life’ Roger Corman, who died Saturday at 98, was famously involved with many of the greats of filmmaking at the start of their careers. In the case of Ron Howard, he helped the young actor transition from being a child star into a versatile director, giving him his first directing job with the action comedy “Grand Theft Auto” in 1977. Howard noted that Corman was also known for giving women more opportunities than they typically had in the film industry at that time, including Penelope Spheeris and Gale Ann Hurd. Howard paid tribute to Corman Sunday morning in a heartfelt message, writing, “Roger not only mentored a couple of generations of high profile filmmakers, but he also opened doors to many on the production side who were struggling to find career paths in the industry. When I was working for Roger, he had far more women in positions of authority throughout his company... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Pat Saperstein Variety - Film News One Of Star Trek's First Deaths In The Original Series Had William Shatner Cracking Up In the "Star Trek" episode "The Deadly Years", an away team beams down to the planet Gamma Hydra IV to investigate a seemingly disused research station. They find several people who have died of old age and a 60-something couple who claim to be in their 20s. The away team returns to the Enterprise, not knowing they have contracted a kind of radiation sickness that causes accelerated aging. Kirk (William Shatner) begins going gray, while Dr. McCoy (DeForest Kelley) and Scotty (James Doohan) quickly develop wrinkled, craggy faces. Hit hardest is Lieutenant Galway (Beverly Washburn), a science officer not previously seen on the show. She ages the most rapidly, moving from her early 20s to her late 90s in a day. Before the end of the episode, Galway will have died of old age. Washburn was interviewed by StarTrek.com back in 2013, and she remembered shooting "The Deadly Years" quite well. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Maya Rudolph Delivers the ‘Mother’ of All ‘SNL’ Monologues with Drag Ball Themed Extravaganza For her third round of hosting duties on “Saturday Night Live,” “Mother” Maya Rudolph did not disappoint. Having been a cast member from 2000 to 2007, Rudolph is well acquainted with that 30 Rock stage, and has played a litany of memorable characters. In honor of Mother’s Day, current “SNL” cast-mates Sarah Sherman and Bowen Yang joined Rudolph onstage to honor her legacy and declare her a true “Moth-errr”. “You’re a 30 Rock legend,” Sherman said. “You’ve had your foot on our necks since Y2K.” Rudolph was disbelieving of this praise at first, but Yang quickly interjected to second Sherman’s claim. “You were the first to slay the house down boots queen!” he exclaimed to Rudolph. “You have achieved extra-terrestrial mother status!” said Sherman. “Me? Mother?” questioned Rudolph. “You’re right.” Cue a pumpin’ beat and Kenan Thompson in a Law Roach-inspired wig, holding a tiny purse in one... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire Doha Film Institute Qumra Special 2024 Browse Screen’s Qumra special edition, which looks back on the 2024 edition of the Doha Film Institute’s (Dfi) incubator event that took place from March 1-6. The issue profiles the event’s six masterclasses delivered by the likes of Toni Collette, Jim Sheridan and Claire Denis, and rounds up the festival hits supported by the Dfi. Click here to read the digital edition... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily Robert Downey Jr. Invented A Whole 'Language' For Summoning Iron Man's Suit In Jon Favreau's 2008 superhero film "Iron Man," Tony Stark spends a large portion of the movie inventing and building a high-tech, skintight suit of armor that is equipped with rocket boosters, missiles, and automated servos that increase Tony's physical strength. In order to put the suit on, Tony required an additional, assembly-line-like machine that sealed the various pieces of the armor around his body. In the many "Iron Man" sequels that followed, however, the process of getting in and out of the suit became quicker and more streamlined. In one film, Tony thrusts his fists into a briefcase, and his suit stretches and assembles around him. Later, the "assembly line" process is so swift that Tony can remove his suit without having to stop walking. Eventually -- and perhaps boringly -- the suit became a sort of liquid metal like in "Terminator 2," shlorping around Tony almost instantly. In... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Box Office: ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Climbs to No. 1 With $56 Million Debut Primates ruled over the North American box office, as “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” collected $56.5 million in its first weekend of release. Those ticket sales were a hair above early projections of $50 million to $55 million and were easily enough to tower over the nonexistent competition. “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” opened roughly even with two of the three prior installments in the rebooted franchise, landing behind only 2014’s “Dawn of the Planet of the Apes” (a series-best $72 million) and ahead of 2017’s “War for the Planet of the Apes” ($56.2 million) and 2011’s “Rise of the Planet of the Apes” ($54.8 million). “The weekend figure is roughly average for the genre, but average here is based on the biggest action films of all time,” says David A. Gross of movie consulting firm Franchise Entertainment Research. “This is an excellent opening.” An opening that’s in line with projections is great and all,... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Rebecca Rubin Variety - Film News How The Sci-Fi Series Farscape Set Out To Do The Opposite Of Star Trek A handsome American ends up stranded on an alien ship, manned by an unusual alien crew, where he falls in love with its resident warrior woman. It's not "Guardians of the Galaxy," it's "Farscape," the Australian-American sci-fi series! The series was created by Rockne S. O'Bannon and Brian Henson with alien designs courtesy of the Jim Henson Company, including several puppets that served as central characters. "Farscape" is funny, campy, and weird as hell, setting it apart from not only its television contemporaries but all other sci-fi shows. "Farscape" ran for four seasons from 1999-2003, and while it wasn't as popular as some of the other big sci-fi shows, it has a devoted cult following that really loves it.  In a retrospective for the show's 25th anniversary at IGN, Henson shared his inspiration for the show and what he and O'Bannon were trying to do with "Farscape." With its wacky... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Danielle Ryan Slash Film A Tribute to Alfred Hitchcock’s Many Mothers There’s a story Alfred Hitchcock always liked to tell about how, when he was five years old, his father dropped him off at the local police station near his home in East London. William Hitchcock left a note for the coppers explaining that his son had been misbehaving. A policeman locked young Alfred in a cell for a few minutes and explained, “This is what we do to naughty boys.” When Hitchcock recounted that story to Dick Cavett he was in his 70s, but the incident continued to leave a profound mark on the director. He said he was still “terrified of the police” because of that and drew a connection from that to the feelings of guilt and wrong-men-on-the-run paranoia that seeps into so many of his films. The funny thing is, though, father characters are almost entirely absent from Hitchcock’s work. There are a few: Cedric Hardwicke... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Christian Blauvelt Indiewire Roger Corman, Legendary B-Movie Producer And Director, Has Died At 98 Roger Corman, the B-movie legend who helped launch the careers of Martin Scorsese, James Cameron, and Francis Ford Coppola, among many others, has passed away at the age of 98. His family told Variety that he died on Thursday, May 9, at his home in Santa Monica, surrounded by his loved ones. The family also released this statement: "His films were revolutionary and iconoclastic, and captured the spirit of an age. When asked how he would like to be remembered, he said, 'I was a filmmaker, just that.'" It's no exaggeration to say that Hollywood wouldn't be the same without Roger Corman. In a career that spanned half a century and hundreds of films, he directed and/or produced B-movie hits and cult classics like "House of Usher," "The Little Shop of Horrors," "Death Race 2000," and "Attack of the Crab Monsters" (not to mention a famously unreleased "Fantastic Four" movie... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Hannah Shaw-Williams Slash Film These Bones Storylines Were A 'Nightmare' For The Showrunners To Figure Out Serialized storylines are, naturally, tricky for shows that are, by design, inherently episodic. When "House" devoted a large chunk of its third season to the relentless Detective Michael Tritter (David Morse) trying to get back at Hugh Laurie's misanthropic diagnostician for humiliating him, the series' writers were banking on viewers not losing interest before the pair's conflict had concluded. As one of those viewers, let me tell you: It's a good thing they didn't push their luck any further than they did, even if pitting House against a cop was about as effective a way as any to get us to overlook the former's many, many blatantly unethical indiscretions and root for him to outwit this wannabe Moriarty to his Sherlock. "Bones," like "House," was primarily episodic, with its namesake, Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel), and her other half, FBI agent Seeley Booth (David Boreanaz), typically wrapping up a... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Sandy Schaefer Slash Film The 10 Most Villainous Characters In Star Wars, Ranked "Star Wars" has one of the biggest worlds in fiction, a vast universe with extensive mythology, a sense of history, locations that feel tangible, and characters that come across as real, living beings. This last bit is important, because "Star Wars" has given plenty of memorable characters, where even small players can turn out to have galaxy-changing importance. Then there are the villains, of which "Star Wars" has plenty, including some of the most memorable villains in cinema history, with their own stories worth exploring. But while we all know the menacing man-turned-machine Darth Vader or the devil-looking Maul, are they really the worst villains in the franchise? As "Star Wars" has evolved and grown over the years, its villains have become less flashy and more, well, evil. That's why we're ranking the most evil and villainous characters in George Lucas' galaxy far, far away. As a note, this list... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Rafael Motamayor Slash Film ‘Sonic Isn’t Actually a Hedgehog’: How ‘Smiling Friends’ Looked to ’90s Video Games to Create Its Weirdest Character Yet From cancelled celebrity frogs to heartbroken shrimp, the vast “Smiling Friends” universe is home to a lot of strange side characters. But co-creators Michael Cusack and Zach Hadel took things to another level for the Season 2 premiere of their Adult Swim series. The episode, which sports the concise title “Gwimbly: Definitive Remastered Enhanced Extended Edition Dx 4K (Anniversary Director’s Cut),” follows the eponymous Smiling Friends as they attempt to cheer up Gwimbly, a beloved ’90s video game character who is unable to star in new games because the evil corporation known as Insane Groundbreaking Games refuses to grant him access to his own I.P. The episode, which was previewed for fans last month after the network’s puppet-filled April Fool’s prank, is a classic “Smiling Friends” adventure that sees the gang rescue Gwimbly from his sad life of making undignified Cameo videos and help him produce his own independent game. See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Christian Zilko Indiewire The One Thing Star Trek's George Takei Really Wanted For Sulu But Never Got In the original "Star Trek," only three actors were credited at the start of the show: William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, and DeForest Kelley. For many watching the series -- and for the actors especially -- those three were the leads, while the rest of the recurring ensemble were mere supporting players. Shatner, Nimoy, and Kelley certainly had the most screen time on "Star Trek," yet they often advocated for more. Eventually, Shatner and Nimoy became such whiny spotlight hogs that show creator Gene Roddenberry had to write an angry letter, demanding the actors stop whining and get back to work. Trekkies, however, knew better than Shatner and Nimoy. "Star Trek" was always an ensemble piece about a core cast of multiple characters. In addition to the three "leads," the show also regularly featured chief engineer Scott/Scotty (James Doohan), communications officer Uhura (Nichelle Nichols), Ensign Chekov (Walter Koenig), Yeoman Rand... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Keeping Footprints Out Of Frame In Dune Was A Living 'Nightmare' For The Crew Even if you weren't that big a fan of the bleak blockbuster that was "Dune: Part Two" or the equally bleak whisper-shout fest that was its 2021 predecessor "Dune," you've got to admire the artistry involved. If you take even a brief look at the effort that went into it, conceiving and creating the planet Arrakis was nothing short of an ordeal. Director Denis Villeneuve wasn't going to let "Dune" or its sequel become yet another generic CGI-laden blockbuster affair. Instead, he wanted to convey a real sense of texture and reality, even while bringing to life such fantastical source matter as Frank Herbert's 1965 novel. There's a reason the visual effects team won an Oscar for the first "Dune." Not only did they manage to convincingly create scale, but they also managed to achieve Villeneuve's aim of making the film feel authentic despite the sheer amount of digital and practical effects work involved. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Joe Roberts Slash Film Why Thor Was One Of The Most 'Daunting' Marvel Roles To Cast Marvel hasn't been having the best time of late and the shaky attempt to recapture lightning in a bottle that was "Thor: Love and Thunder" is a good example. Whereas its predecessor, "Thor: Ragnarok," saw star Chris Hemsworth leaning into his comedic sensibilities to great effect, even Hemsworth himself agreed that "Love and Thunder" was just too silly. But when the God of Thunder made his Marvel Cinematic Universe debut all the way back in 2011, the opposite was true. Whereas "Iron Man," the film that changed Hollywood forever by kicking off the massively popular interconnected universe, was led by Robert Downey Jr. and his magnetic charisma, 2011's "Thor" was a darker affair that embraced the character's origins and delivered what was essentially a fantasy adventure with relative unknowns in the lead roles of Thor and Loki. In the late-aughts, Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston did not enjoy the superstar status they do today,... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Joe Roberts Slash Film Roger Corman, indie pioneer and B-movie godfather, dies aged 98 Roger Corman, a pioneer of low-cost independent filmmaking and the godfather of B-movies who produced hundreds of genre films in a career spanning eight decades, has died. He was 98. During a prolific career that started in the 1950s and encompassed all genre, Corman directed the 1960 original The Little Shop Of Horrors – reportedly shot in two days – as well as The Man With The X-Ray Eyes, The Trip, The Wasp Woman, The Masque Of The Red Death, House Of Usher, and The Raven – the last three counting among a number of Edgar Allan Poe adaptations. Dubbed ’the Pope of Pop Cinema... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily 11 Things About The Predator Series That Make No Sense Although never named in any entries of the franchise, the deadly aliens in the "Predator" series are a species called the Yautja (pronounced "Yah-oot-Cha"). The films themselves do little to explain where they come from and what their civilization might be like. What little we know is based on seeing a few of them as intergalactic big-game trophy hunters, but is this true of their entire society? Is their civilization centered around the hunt? Or are the Predators we've seen pariahs, the Yautja equivalent to big-game trophy hunters like Walter Palmer, widely criticized for his participation in the controversial killing of both Cecil the lion and a protected ram in Mongolia? In 2010's "Predators," Royce (Adrien Brody) quotes Hemingway, "Certainly there is no hunting like the hunting of man and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never really care for anything else thereafter." Like us,... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Maurice Molyneaux Slash Film 2024 film festivals and markets calendar: latest dates Screen is running this regularly updated page with the latest film festival and market dates from across the world. To submit details of or alter your festival dates, please contact us here with the name, dates, country and website for the event. Screen is also running a calendar for UK-Ireland film release dates here. Ongoing JFilm Festival, US - May 2-12 UK Asian Film Festival, UK - May 2-12 Seattle International Film Festival, US - May 9-19 Los Angeles International Children’s Film Festival Part 2, US - May 11-26 May Cannes Film Festival, France - May 14-25 Marche Du Film,... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 by Ben Dalton ScreenDaily 50 more IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/originals/?ref_=nv_sf_ori
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app IMDb ORIGINALS HOME Originals Watch exclusive interviews of your favorite stars, catch up on the latest movies and shows, and discover your next viewing obsession. Clip 4:20 How 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Made the Apes Feel Real Clip 1:01 5 Movies That Blend Live-Action and Animation Clip 3:58 Fan Questions with "Doctor Who" Clip 6:32 Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Talk Stunts and Spicy Margs Clip 4:32 Zendaya, Mike Faist and Josh O'Connor Dissect the Motives in 'Challengers' Clip 4:35 Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers Clip 3:23 Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder Talk Mushrooms, Stand-Up, and "Hacks" Season 3 Clip 5:41 Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' Clip 3:18 Lilly Singh Talks New Movie, Early YouTube Days, and MCU Star Iman Vellani Clip 2:59 How Did Dev Patel Break His Hand Filming 'Monkey Man'? Clip 1:05 5 Video Game Adaptations to Watch in 2024 Clip 4:20 The Cast of 'Abigail' Test Their Vampire IQ Clip 3:42 The Rise of Zendaya Clip 5:54 Why "Fallout" Needs a Second Season Clip 3:51 "The Spiderwick Chronicles" Cast Play Who's Most Likely? Clip 1:20 Swifties in Film and TV Clip 3:55 Alex Garland's 'Civil War' Is "Old-Fashioned Journalism" Clip 4:17 Why Walton Goggins Sweat Out of His Eyes for "Fallout" Clip 4:47 Burning Questions With Nell Tiger Free Clip 2:39 Why Andrew Scott Was Relieved by Steven Zaillian's Perspective in "Ripley" Clip 1:49 All About 'Beetlejuice 2' Movie and TV Picks From IMDb Actors' Careers Over the Years Interviews With Cast and Filmmakers You Ask, the Stars Answer We Quiz Stars on Their IMDb Pages Celebs Answer Our Burning Questions More to Explore All Events Awards Central Best Of Family Entertainment Guide Festival Central IMDb Originals IMDb Picks IMDb STARmeter Awards IMDb Spotlight India Spotlight San Diego Comic-Con Scary Good Star Wars Superheroes Video Games What's on TV Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/news/celebrity/?ref_=nv_cel_nw
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Celebrity News Aida Rodriguez: Unpacking My Childhood Traumas Through Comedy Is Cathartic Aida Rodriguez is a Puerto Rican and Dominican comedian, actor, and writer. In 2019, she had her own half-hour special on Netflix's hit comedy series "They Ready," executive-produced by Tiffany Haddish and Wanda Sykes. In November 2021, she released her first-hour stand-up special "Fighting Words," which premiered on Max, and in October 2023, Rodriguez released her memoir "Legitimate Kid." For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. I've always viewed comedy as a coping mechanism for people who are in lower economic situations or just dealing with very hard circumstances. In the words of Kevin Hart: "Laugh at my pain." My upbringing was no different. I didn't really engage in comedy as much when I was younger because I was a very shy and timid kid. But humor was always around me,... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Aida Rodriguez Popsugar.com How Erik Rivera Uses Comedy to Heal and Help Others For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. Erik Rivera's life is good. Joining our Zoom session from his Los Angeles home, the writer, actor, and comedian is all smiles beneath a worn baseball cap. Maybe it's that sunny weather Angelinos are always bragging about. Or maybe it's the fact that he's worked hard to achieve what he has now: a respectable career, a stable marriage, and two wonderful boys. Either way, the contrast between where he once was and his current status isn't lost on him, even if it is lost on his kids. "My kids have no idea how good they have it," the comic says with a laugh. Growing up as the child of a Puerto Rican father and Guatemalan mother in New Rochelle,... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Ian Lara: Comedy Gave Me the Strength to Overcome My Mother's Death Ian Lara is a Dominican American stand-up comedian from Queens, NY, who found internet success after his appearance on "Comedy Central Stand-Up Featuring," which has garnered over 10 million views. Lara was a regular on "This Week at the Comedy Cellar" on Comedy Central and was featured in "Bring the Funny" on NBC. He made his late-night television debut on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" in 2019, and in 2020, Lara performed his first 30-minute special for HBO Latino's "Entre Nos: LA Meets NY." In 2022, Lara's half-hour special on Comedy Central, "Growing Shame," aired in February, and his HBO special, "Ian Lara: Romantic Comedy," was released in November on HBO Max. For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. "El que anda corriendo llega cansado." That's a famous Dominican... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Ian Lara Popsugar.com Sasha Merci: How Comedy Has Helped Me Navigate Depression For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. One of the things I love about comedy is how it fuses my personality with my purpose. I was diagnosed with depression when I was 14 years old, a time when I began comparing my life to that of my high school peers and quickly noticed the differences. At the time, most of my peers had never experienced significant loss like I had. While they were preoccupied with clothes, gossip, and pop culture, I was grappling with thoughts of death. This numbness to ordinary concerns led me into a deep existential crisis. My struggle with depression was triggered early on by the loss of several family members, including my mother and my grandmother. Processing these losses took years of therapy. See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Sasha Merci Popsugar.com Gina Brillon: The Loss of My Grandmother Pushed Me to Pursue Comedy Gina Brillon is a Puerto Rican actress, stand-up comedian, writer, and mom born and raised in the Bronx. In 2012, she became the first and only Latina winner of NBC's Stand Up for Diversity Showcase. She went on to release comedy specials on NuvoTV, HBO, and Amazon Prime. She has appeared on "The View," "Late Night With Seth Meyers," and "Jimmy Kimmel Live," and was the first Latina comedian to be a finalist in season 16 of "America's Got Talent." For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. We don't talk enough about the healing powers of humor. The old saying, "laughter is the best medicine," as cliché as it may be, actually has a lot of truth to it. I learned about the power of laughter at a relatively young age. See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Gina Brillon Popsugar.com Fabrizio Copano Is Using Comedy to Address Political Wounds For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. Fabrizio Copano, a rising star in the world of stand-up comedy, isn't your typical Latine comic. His journey, shaped by his Chilean upbringing under a pos-dictatorship and his subsequent disillusionment with the American Dream, fuels a unique comedic perspective that tackles serious political and cultural themes. Copano's early life in Chile was marked by the tail-end of political turmoil. Growing up, he witnessed firsthand the harsh repercussions of Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship, a period characterized by repression, human rights abuses, and a stifling political climate. This experience undoubtedly contrasts the idealized image of the US he received through the media. "Chile is very Americanized in certain ways, and we look up [to] the US," Copano says. "The culture shock was... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Kimmy Dole Popsugar.com How the "Lo Que Pasa en Casa" Mentality Held Me Back From My Comedic Voice For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. There's a cultural maxim within Latinidad that's always left me a bit unsettled: "Lo que pasa en casa se queda en casa." It means what happens at home stays at home - aka loyalty above everything. Growing up in a subjectively funny family taught me invaluable lessons about the power of humor and its role as a survival tool, especially during challenging times. In my Ecuadorian immigrant family, our main coping mechanism was finding solace in humor amid chaos. But there was always a boundary, an invisible line to how far we could share drawn by the "lo que pasa en la casa" mentality - the notion that certain things should never leave the confines of our home. It... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Katherine G. Mendoza Popsugar.com Willow Smith Used Meditation and Workouts to Fuel the Creativity on "Empathogen" Willow Smith's "b i g f e e l i n g s" is the final song on her new album, "empathogen." And, according to Smith, it's "the most complex piece of music I've created in my entire career." "Hopefully not the last - definitely not the last," she qualifies. "But this one is pretty awesome." The entire record - the 24-year-old's sixth solo studio album - represents a sonic departure. Ahead of its release on May 3, Smith was a little nervous about putting it out into the world. But mostly, she was energized. "I'm a risk-taker, what can I say?" "This whole album is different from anything I've done, and I'm just so excited for people to hear it," she says. "You always take a little bit of a risk, but I'm a risk-taker, what can I say?" Indeed, Smith has made a name for herself throughout her... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/2/2024 by Lena Felton Popsugar.com Nicki Nicole Says Rap Music Helped Her Get Out of Her Shell It's a drizzly Thursday afternoon in New York City, and Nicki Nicole has spent most of her day answering back-to-back interview questions from journalists. For someone who just concluded a tour between Latin America and Europe, not to mention nine sold-out shows at the Movistar Arena in Buenos Aires, where more than 100,000 fans were in attendance, you'd think she was ready to slow down. But hours before our conversation, she announced that her first US headlining tour would kick off next month in Mexico City. You can see the tunnel vision in her green eyes. Her fans, who have been by her side since day one, are what motivate her to keep going. The 23-year-old budding singer, rapper, and songwriter has cemented a name for herself in her native country of Argentina. Nicole Cucco prides herself on never sticking to just one genre when creating music; it helped define her... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/29/2024 by Brenda Barrientos Popsugar.com Revisiting Jennifer Lopez’s 2011 Album “Love?” and What It Signifies Today As the anniversary of Jennifer Lopez's sixth studio album "Love?" approaches, it's a fitting time to reflect on this album's significance within J Lo's career, its impact on fans, and its continued relevance in light of her recent endeavors. Released on April 29, 2011, "Love?" came at a time when Lopez was already a multifaceted force in entertainment. Music, film, and fashion-she'd conquered them all. Yet, "Love?" transcended mere career markers. It delved into love, a theme central to Lopez's personal narrative. This wasn't just an album; it was a declaration. Through "Love?" Lopez explored her own quest for love and fulfillment. The title track, "(What Is) Love?" beautifully captures this yearning. Lopez laid bare her vulnerabilities through her music, creating an emotional connection with her audience. Take the poignant question - "Is this just a dream / Is this what it seems?" - which echoes a longing for validation, her desire to be someone's girlfriend,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/29/2024 by Kimmy Dole Popsugar.com Thalia's "A Mucha Honra" Album Is a Love Letter to Música Mexicana Throughout her illustrious career, Thalia has proudly represented Mexican culture through her music, iconic looks, and unforgettable performances. With música Mexicana going global, the Mexican pop icon is tapping into the sounds of her roots through her new album "A Mucha Honra," where she pays homage to the music of her country while embracing the new wave of corridos. "This album is called 'A Mucha Honra' because, as a Mexican, it makes me so excited to sing this music," she tells Ps. "It's in my DNA. I feel like with everything happening now with our music on a global level, it's made us so proud. This is a celebration of our music and Mexican culture." Thalia's career spans five decades since she entered the scene in the '80s as a member of the Mexican children's group Timbiriche. In the '90s, she launched her solo career, which took her worldwide,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/26/2024 by Lucas Villa Popsugar.com Julio Torres's "Problemista" Shows the US Immigration System Is a Relentless Maze We live in a society that insists if you work hard, you can probably achieve the goals you've set for yourself. But "Problemista," the first feature film by writer and comedian Julio Torres, which is now in theaters worldwide, poses the question: is working hard always enough? Loosely based off of Torres's own immigration experience, the film follows Alejandro, an aspiring toy designer from El Salvador struggling to make his dream a reality in New York City who loses his job and desperately needs to secure a sponsor to stay in the States. Even after taking a freelance assistant gig with an erratic art critic named Elizabeth (played by Tilda Swinton), Alejandro (played by Torres) finds himself in one of the most relentless and nightmarish mazes of American bureaucracy - the US immigration system. "I think that I've always been fascinated with how soulless and how isolating bureaucracy can be,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/24/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Chuwi Is the Voice of a New Puerto Rican Generation With a bassy voice and over a minimalist syncopated beat, Wilfredo "Willy" Aldarondo sings of lament. "The love of my life left for New York / my mom followed my aunt, to Florida they went/packing my bags, it's my turn now / the plane landed, and no one clapped." These are the opening lines of "Tierra," the leading single off the Puerto Rican band Chuwi's newest EP of the same title. Founded in 2020 in the northwestern coastal town of Isabela, Chuwi is composed of Willy, his sister Lorén Aldarondo, his brother Wester Aldarondo, and friend Adrián López. Describing the band's sound is a challenge in and of itself. Are they Latin jazz, indie rock, urbano, tropical fusion, or something else altogether? The answer to all of those questions is "yes." Over the past two years, the quartet's popularity has grown among listeners and industry peers. Part of that reason is that... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/23/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Camila Mendes on Why We Need More Latine Representation in Rom-Coms A simple Google search of "the best rom-coms of all time" will take you down a nostalgic hole of '90s and early-'00s movies like "10 Things I Hate About You," "While You Were Sleeping," and "P.S. I Love You." These classics, among many others, have shaped how we view love on screen. But through these films, we've learned what love looks like through white protagonists; many Bipoc communities have failed to see themselves reflected. While we saw Latine actresses like Salma Hayek, Jennifer Lopez, and Christina Milian make their mark early on in romantic comedy movies, for years the entertainment industry has undervalued and underrepresented Latine communities on screen and behind the camera. Camila Mendes is shifting that narrative. You likely recognize her from rom-coms like "Palm Springs," "The Perfect Date," and "The New Romantic" - and she's starring in and serving as an an executive producer for the new rom-com film "Música,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Brenda Barrientos Popsugar.com Saraciea Fennell: "The Black Girl Survives in This One" Is the Representation I Didn't See in Horror Books I've always been obsessed with horror. From childhood, when I bunked with my siblings and primas, we told each other spooky stories in the middle of the night to rock ourselves to sleep. Every evening we would take turns telling stories, and the stories seemed to get scarier and scarier. When it was my night to tell a story to the group, I knew I had to bring the best jump scares. I'd find myself spinning stories until my sisters' and primas' bodies would tense up in fear. I knew then that horror stories were something I could weave. There's something about having fear knotted up in your belly; it's like riding a roller coaster and waiting for the thrill of the drop. Horror has always been a part of my life, so it felt natural for me to work on a book like "The Black Girl Survives in This One. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Saraciea Fennell Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Bodine Talks New Album "Quemo Lento" and Growing From Hardships In the music video for her piano-driven interlude "Bambi," Bodine poses in the middle of a dense forest, artistically garbed in assorted animal bones as she croons over the black and white footage with an ear-catching voice that straddles mezzo and alto ranges. The visual doubled as an announcement video for her sophomore EP, "Quemo Lento," which dropped last month. Still, if anyone got the impression the project would hinge on somber instrumentals, her other tracks quickly proved them wrong. The follow-up singles "No Me Quiere Más Na'" and "Nalgaje" present a saucier and more liberated version of Bodine. But who is the real Bodine? Is it the contemplative, artsy soul hinted at in the first track, or the one who takes pride in homaging vedette Iris Chacón and singing catchy odes to booties? The answer is unsurprising to those who know her - she's both. Born in Amsterdam, Bodine... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Melissa Barrera in "Abigail" Is Proof We Need More Latines in Horror The lack of Latine representation in film today is disappointing when you consider Latines accounted for 29 percent of moviegoers in the States in 2020. And here's a fun fact you probably didn't know: Latines also represent 26 percent of horror movie audiences, compared with 20 percent for other genres, according to a recent survey. Still, there's a marked lack of Latine actors starring in horror films. But Melissa Barrera's career has been challenging that. The horror and suspense queen has starred in several films within the genre in just the past few years, including "Scream," "Scream IV," "Bed Rest," and "Your Monster." Her latest role is as Joey in "Abigail," a gory vampire film released April 19 about a group of criminals assigned to kidnap the 12-year-old daughter of a crooked millionaire. Like a lot of Barrera's roles, Joey isn't your typical in-your-face Latina character. She's a war veteran with a dream to... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Selena Quintanilla Deserves to Be Celebrated This Year - Not Exploited Fifty-three years ago today, the world was blessed with the birth of Selena Quintanilla-Pérez, who became an eternal icon in Latin pop culture and music. Selena blazed a trail for the música Mexicana explosion that we're seeing today and the Latina pop stars who have followed in her footsteps. Her impact is often minimized in comparison to the circumstances of her tragic death. However, her music - and how she bridged the gap between her Mexican and American identities - continue to resonate with new generations of Latine fans. Selena Quintanilla was born on April 16, 1971, and grew up in Corpus Christi, TX. She was an Aries, a sign often described as "passionate, brave, and headstrong." Indeed of conforming with the música Mexicana artists of the time, she paved the way for herself by proudly embracing her Chicana identity. With influences like Whitney Houston, Janet Jackson, Jody Watley, and Gloria Estefan,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/16/2024 by Lucas Villa Popsugar.com Bad Bunny's First NYC Show From His Most Wanted Tour Is Proof His Latine Fans Still Come First When I first learned that Bad Bunny's sold-out Most Wanted Tour included three back-to-back shows at the Barclays Center in NYC and one that landed on my birthday, April 11, it all seemed meant to be. The concert would occur three days after a highly anticipated solar eclipse, a new moon, and all during a Mercury retrograde. It would also happen during Aries season - the beginning of the astrological year and a time for new beginnings. While I had high expectations for Benito's performance and his first NYC show from the tour, one thing that stood out most is how the Puerto Rican artist continues to appreciate and celebrate his loyal Latine fans. Bad Bunny is the most-streamed artist on the planet. This fun fact never loses its significance for loyal Latine fans who have witnessed the struggle for Latin music to get the respect and support it deserves here in the States. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/12/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Olivia Rodrigo's "Guts" Tour Made Me Feel Like a Teen Again I knew I was going to shed a tear or two at Olivia Rodrigo's "Guts" Tour. I'm just a girl, after all. On April 6, the three-time Grammy winner performed her second of four sold-out shows at Madison Square Garden in New York City. And for an hour and a half on Saturday night, Rodrigo reminded us of the good, bad, and ugly of girlhood. A bag adorned with ribbon bows slung over my shoulder, I screamed in anticipation with a crowd full of sequin miniskirts, glittery purple eyeshadow, and fishnet tights as Rodrigo ascended onto the stage for her opening number, "Bad Idea Right." To my surprise, the audience wasn't just young teens, kids, and their parents. An unexpected handful of 20- and 30-something adults like me were just as ready to jump and sing along to a mix of tunes from her sophomore album, "Guts," and her critically acclaimed debut album,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/8/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com Jennifer Lopez's Viral "the Bronx" Controversy Proves Younger Latines Don't Find Her Authentic Jennifer Lopez has been busy. In case you missed it, the Puerto Rican singer, dancer, and actor released not one but three complementary projects to kick off the year. There's her "This Is Me . . . Now" album; a video companion/musical to said album, "This Is Me . . . Now: A Love Story"; and a documentary that dives into said love story, "The Greatest Love Story Never Told." It was an ambitious undertaking, no doubt. And one that has her being dragged across TikTok, Instagram, and X (formerly Twitter). Part of the controversy lies in how Lopez represents herself and her native borough of the Bronx. In one scene from the documentary, Lopez tussles her curly hair while looking in the mirror and says, "It reminds me, like, when I was 16 in the Bronx, running up and down the block. Crazy little girl who used to fucking be wild and no limits,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/3/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com How I Got to Talk About Latine Representation in Hollywood on the TEDx Stage Since I was a young kid, I wanted to be a writer. I spent my summers reading, lying on my bedroom floor with my glasses slipping down my nose. But despite my fascination with storytelling, pursuing a career in writing never seemed realistic. Instead, I majored in English and embarked on a somewhat related career in cause-based communications and marketing. At those jobs, I met a lot of women who were creating art that was meaningful to them and their communities. They weren't household names, but they showed me that I'd been wrong. They proved to me that writers who look like me or grew up with similar experiences deserve a shot at getting our stories out there. At the same time, I decided to finally go for it and pursue a career as a professional writer. I couldn't help but note the number of organizations that were embracing Latina storytelling. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/3/2024 by Cristina Escobar Popsugar.com "Gordita Chronicles" Finally Gets a Second Life on Tubi, Hulu and Disney+ According to new McKinsey & Company research, there are over 62 million Latinos living in the United States who not only account for more than $3 trillion of Gdp but are also avid consumers of film and TV. US Latinos account for 24 percent of box office ticket sales and 24 percent of streaming subscribers. Yet somehow, there still aren't enough Latines behind and in front of the camera even though our viewership doubles when we see ourselves represented on or off screen. Today, we still don't have enough TV programming that accurately represents us - and the few shows that have been created for us and by us, like "Vida," "One Day at a Time," "Promised Land," and "Gentefied," were eventually all canceled despite their popularity. Among these many cancellations was Dominican American creator Claudia Forestieri's beloved "Gordita Chronicles," which was released in June 2022 on HBO Max and was canceled after just one season. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/2/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Shakira Thinks the "Barbie" Movie Is Emasculating - Here's How She Missed the Point There's no arguing that Shakira is a feminist icon. Entering the year on the heels of a very public split from her long-term partner and the father of her two sons, Gerard Piqué, she managed to take a painful experience and turn it into a shared triumph. Her latest studio album, "Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran," is a testament to independence and the strength that comes with it. It's a sentiment that many, especially women, will be able to relate to. In her recent Allure cover interview published on April 1, Shakira delves into what that strength looks like and what it means to be a woman healing today. But one thing that stood out from the interview was the singer's controversial take on another feminist pop culture pillar: the "Barbie" movie. Shakira shares her sons "absolutely hated" the film because they "felt it was emasculating." "I like pop culture when... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/2/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Emira D'Spain Wants Every Trans Kid to "Give Yourself Grace" You might recognize Emira D'Spain for her Grwm-style beauty videos, or you might know that she was the first ever Black trans Victoria's Secret model. On TikTok, she shares different aspects of her trans identity with her million-plus followers, and ahead of Trans Day of Visibility on March 31, she spoke to Ps about her own journey, gender euphoria, and more. Read it all, in her own words, below. When did I first experience gender euphoria? My parents are so accepting of me, so that's, for me, truly when I always have the most gender euphoria. Just being around my family. And knowing that that's not an experience that a lot of LGBTQ kids and adults get to experience, that's something that I become more and more grateful for the more people I meet in the community. It's something that I hold very close to my heart. Lady Gaga is not queer,... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/29/2024 by Emira D'Spain Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Alex Ferreira Talks Fatherhood, New Music, and the Importance of Making Music With Passion In our Q&a /feature series Tell Me Más, we ask some of our favorite Latine artists to share some inside info about their lives and habits, revealing everything from their most recent read to the songs that get them hyped. This month, we trekked out to Joe's Pub in the historic East Village to see Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Alex Ferreira take the stage and chatted with him about his latest project, fatherhood, and how he's balancing the two. Alex Ferreira's dressing room at Joe's Pub is small and sparse, without much in the way of personal belongings or even instruments. There's a guitar case to one side, a knapsack nearby on a leather chair, and the singer himself sitting sideways in front of the lighted vanity - his trademark curls falling in front of his face. It's a stripped environment, a fitting one given that later in the evening Ferreira... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/26/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Shakira's New Album "Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran" Turns Tears Into Diamonds When life gives you lemons, you have to make lemonade - and that's exactly what Shakira did after heartbreak. When the Colombian pop star learned in 2022 that Gerard Piqué, her partner of 11 years and the father of her two sons, was cheating on her, I'm sure it felt as if her life was falling apart. But when she couldn't bear the pain and the betrayal, she did what most musicians do - she turned it into art. The first song Shakira released that was directly related to the breakup was 2022's "Te Felicito" with Puerto Rican Latin trap artist Rauw Alejandro. The song not only marked Shakira's comeback, it was also the first in a string of singles that would display her healing journey to the world and eventually become part of her latest highly anticipated album, "Las Mujeres Ya no Lloran," which was released on March 22. Related: America Ferrera Didn’t Win an Oscar,... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/22/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Black Women in Country Are Grateful Beyoncé Is Entering the Genre Tanner Adell fell in love with country music young. She grew up splitting her time between Los Angeles and Star Valley, Wy, which created a stark contrast - but it was the country lifestyle, and specifically the music, that held her heart. Adell remembers falling in love with Keith Urban when he released "Somebody Like You." And every summer, when she and her mom would set out to drive back to LA from Star Valley, she'd sit in the back of the car and "just silently cry my eyes out as we'd start on this road trip back to California," she remembers. These days, Adell is a rising country music star. And ever since Beyoncé released "Texas Hold 'Em" and "16 Carriages" on Super Bowl Sunday and announced her forthcoming country album, the spotlight has been on Black women country artists like her. A lot of that attention has been positive... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/19/2024 by Lena Felton Popsugar.com Don Omar's "Back to Reggaeton" US Tour Shows How Far the Genre Has Come As reggaetón continues to dominate the music charts, the genre's legends, including Daddy Yankee, Tego Calderón, Ivy Queen, and Don Omar remain more relevant than ever for their roles in shaping a movement that originated in Puerto Rico and eventually went global. But Don Omar's comeback has been a long-awaited one. The leyenda known for his early 2000s hits like "Dale Don," "Sácala," and "Salió el Sol," has officially returned to the scene with his "Back to Reggateon" US Tour, produced by Cmn. The tour not only marks his highly anticipated return to the stage but also beautifully celebrates his two-decade-long career and its impactful contributions to the genre. Related: America Ferrera Didn’t Win an Oscar, but Her Monologue Will Live on For Latinas On Saturday, March 9, Don Omar took to the Barclays Center stage to perform a sold-out show that left the audience filled with joy and nostalgia. See full article at Popsugar.com 3/14/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com America Ferrera Didn’t Win an Oscar, but Her Monologue Will Live on For Latinas There's a reason why we're still talking about America Ferrera's "Barbie" monologue months after the blockbuster was released. While presenting the Best Supporting Actress award during the 2024 Oscars, Rita Moreno gave an emotional speech about Ferrera, who was nominated for her role of Gloria in the pink-filled film. While Ferrera didn't wind up taking home an Oscar - the award instead went to Da'Vine Joy Randolph for her role in "The Holdovers" - Moreno's speech left folks in the audience trying to understand why. "America. Your powerful Barbie monologue is perhaps the most talked-about moment in the most talked-about movie of the past year," Moreno said. "Your words and the passion with which you delivered them about the most impossible standards females must try to live up to galvanized not only women but everyone with a pulse." Even the way Moreno pronounced "America," with a Spanish accent and... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/11/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Rep. Pramila Jayapal's Journey Is "Every Immigrant's Story" Rep. Pramila Jayapal, of Washington state, is known for being an outspoken advocate of social justice, reproductive freedoms, and immigrants' rights. Ahead of International Women's Day, we wanted to hear more about her own immigration story and her message to young voters in a crucial election year. Read it all, in her own words, below. It was a dream of my parents to give me the opportunity of education in the United States and everything that would provide, so they really made that ultimate sacrifice. I don't know if any of us really understood what a sacrifice it would be, because I would never end up living on the same continent as them again. Now, decades later, I understand what that meant, and I'm very, very grateful. I think it's part of what drove me as a teenager - I was only 16, I was here by myself and in a brand-new country,... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/8/2024 by Rep. Pramila Jayapal Popsugar.com "Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó" Filmmaker Sean Wang and His Grandmas on the Joys of Unlikely Friendships Image Source: Getty / Alberto E. Rodriguez Where I'm From: Now and Gen features in-conversation pieces between generations - like a younger woman and her grandmother - discussing a topic like beauty rituals, finances, or marriage. We sat down with filmmaker Sean Wang and his grandmothers, Yi Yan Fuei and Chang Li Hua, the subjects of Wang's Oscar-nominated documentary short, "Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó." Read their heartwarming chat about friendship below. In 2021, in the wake of increased anti-Asian violence and the ongoing pandemic, filmmaker Sean Wang moved back home to San Francisco. There, he started observing - then filming - Nǎi Nai and Wài Pó, his 94-year-old paternal grandmother and 83-year-old maternal grandmother, respectively, who happen to be inseparable friends and roommates. As he captured the mundane moments and joys of their daily lives, he created "Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó," an Oscar-nominated documentary short that recently landed on Disney+. "As... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/6/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com "The Morning Show"'s Karen Pittman Would Love to Just Act, but the System Is Broken Image Source: Getty / Emma McIntyre In season three of "The Morning Show," a race scandal rocks Uba, the broadcast network that serves as the show's backdrop. The storyline sees Karen Pittman's Mia and Greta Lee's Stella strikingly depict the realities of women of color in largely white, corporate spaces like network television. "That's me and Greta actually, in a real way," Pittman tells Popsugar after speaking at the 2024 Makers Conference on Feb. 28. Through characters like Mia and Nya on "And Just Like That...," Pittman brings incredible nuance to her portrayal of strong Black women who navigate their race in their respective environments, which she opened up about in conversation with "Succession" actor J. Smith-Cameron. The two spoke at the three-day summit hosted by Makers, a community-focused media brand owned by Yahoo that's focused on accelerating equity for women in the workplace. "I pride myself on having characters that... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/1/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com The Real Stars of "Love Is Blind": Those Gold Wine Glasses Image Source: Netflix There are numerous standout stars on the newest season of "Love Is Blind" - Megan Fox (Chelsea Blackwell), Ad's mother, Kenneth's phone, and the EpiPen, to name a few - but no star shines quite as bright as the famed gold cups. You know the ones we're talking about: those metallic-tinged wine glasses that pop up in nearly every frame of the Netflix dating series. As omnipresent as the drama, the shiny goblets, of both the stemmed and stemless variety, aren't just sipped by contestants in the pods; they also score a ticket to the all-inclusive honeymoon resort in the Dominican Republic and make appearances, well, pretty much everywhere. Viewers can see them at the group pool party in North Carolina, the wedding-dress shop, every family's house, and every contestant's apartment. We'll put it this way: if "take a shot every time you see a gold cup... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/28/2024 by Victoria Messina Popsugar.com The Undeniable Influence of Black Latine Artists on Latin Music Black. It is the color that absorbs all colors, the shade that holds the sun's warmth as it moves east to west. It is the color of a people, not just African but Caribbean, Middle Eastern, American, and more. But it is also music: the color at the center of the trumpet's brass ring, the shadow that fills the club when the lights get low and the party begins. Over the decades, Latin music has built a reputation for being wildly popular, no doubt in part due to its danceable nature. But what often gets lost in the conversation is the contribution that Black Latines had in cultivating the sound that, today, many of us regard as uniquely "Latin." As a kid, I was guilty of just that. It wasn't until years later that I came to understand the importance of claiming my Afro-Puerto Rican heritage and how it shaped... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/27/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com How Laufey's Chinese Icelandic Upbringing Shaped Her Unique Jazz Sound Laufey has always felt "undefined." Whether it was her unique, modern jazz sound or her identity as a Chinese Icelandic artist, the 24-year-old singer-songwriter and producer tells Popsugar she "always felt like an anomaly and a bit of an outsider in my communities." "Being a bit different became my status quo." The artist, who recently took home her first Grammy for best traditional pop vocal album, has taken the music world - and TikTok - by storm. Since going viral on the platform in early 2022, she's released two albums, the second of which earned her the accolade. "Being a bit different became my status quo. I took my experience of being undefined into the music industry," she says. Laufey's background growing up with Chinese and Icelandic parents in Iceland and later living in the US was pivotal to building her sound and, eventually, her career in music. "I had such... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/26/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com Jennifer Lopez's New Doc Is Less About Ben Affleck and More About Self-Love If you had a hard time understanding Jennifer Lopez's recent music video project "This Is Me... Now: A Love Story," her documentary "The Greatest Love Story Never Told" might answer some of your questions. In the doc, Lopez shares that the inspiration behind both "This Is Me... Now: A Love Story" and her ninth studio album, "This Is Me... Now" (both of which released on Feb. 16), was to finally set the record straight about her love life. "I've been married four times now. I'm sure people watching from the outside were like, 'What is this girl's fucking problem?' You saw kind of a compulsive behavior," Lopez says in the documentary's introduction. "What I portrayed to the world was, 'Oh this didn't work out and it's fine and I'm good and they're good.' And all of that was kind of bullshit." The documentary goes behind the scenes in... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/26/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Grammy-Winning Goyo's Rise to Fame Has Been a Win For Afro-Latine Artists In our Q&a /feature series Tell Me Más, we ask some of our favorite Latine artists to share some inside info about their lives and habits, revealing everything from their most recent read to the songs that get them hyped. This month, Grammy-winning artist Goyo, a member of legendary group ChocQuibTown, drops in to talk about her latest turn as a solo act, Afro-Latine representation, and what she's got in store for us in 2024. As reggaetón, afrobeats, and trap become global, their distinct sounds and formulas become more cemented. However, rapper and singer Goyo has always defied the confines of a single genre. As a member of the award-winning group ChocQuibTown, the sound that she helped craft along with her brother Miguel "Slow" Martinez and Carlos "Tostao" Valencia, combined elements of traditional African percussion, Colombian folk, hip-hop, dancehall, and reggaetón. Now, as she continues her musical journey, this time as a solo artist,... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/23/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Prince Royce Talks Life After Divorce and How It Inspired His New Album, "Llamada Perdida" "I get way more scared and embarrassed having to talk about my personal life in interviews than saying it in a song," Prince Royce admits during an interview in Los Angeles for his new album, "Llamada Perdida," which dropped Friday. With a decade-plus career that has generally been free of controversy, the Dominican American bachata artist and pop star is wearing his heart on his sleeve in his first LP since a very public divorce. Prince Royce says he has found healing through music while re-prioritizing himself and pushing the bachata genre to new places. "Right now, I feel like I'm in a good place," he tells Popsugar. "Everybody has problems. It's just how you deal with them, and I think it's all part of growth. That's how I took in this experience in my personal life that happened in the last two years." Royce is referring to his split... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/19/2024 by Lucas Villa Popsugar.com Gabriela Berlingeri Is Focused on Self-Love - and Her Jewelry Line Celebrates That Even for those who seek to be the center of attention, the spotlight often comes with a heavy price. In a world where gossip rules much of the mediasphere, even non-celebrities can end up caught up in the maelstrom of intense public attention. Especially if they're closely associated with someone famous and recognizable. Gabriela Berlingeri experienced that, and to a degree very few can relate to, during the time she dated one of the most famous people on the planet - Bad Bunny. The story of how Berlingeri and the Latin trap artist had a chance meeting and started up a relationship back in 2017 has become part of his lore. The two were together for several years and even collaborated on a handful of songs. She was even shouted out in "Acho PR," a single off his latest album "Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana." The details of... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/12/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Finally, the Grammys Proved Women of All Ages Can Shine 2023 was all about the joy of girlhood, so it's no surprise the biggest musical hits of the year were also for women and by women. Ahead of the 2024 Grammy Awards, women dominated nominations across categories. But the Feb. 4 ceremony celebrated not only women nominees, but also winners, performers, and presenters - at every age. From longtime legends to rising artists, women celebrated each other unabashedly in an industry that tends to emphasize youth and often pits women against each other. For the first time in years, an award show seemed to hit the mark on entertaining audiences across generations, striking the perfect chord between embracing nostalgia and highlighting newer talent. Women nominees were up for every major category, and ultimately snagged the big wins, too. Phoebe Bridgers took home the most trophies with four wins, making her a first-time Grammy winner alongside Victoria Monét, Miley Cyrus, Karol G, and Lainey Wilson. See full article at Popsugar.com 2/5/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Neysa Blay’s Sobriety Journey Has Transformed Her as a Music Artist When indie rock musician Neysa Blay sat down to start writing songs for her new album, "Nada es Suficiente," she found herself in an unusual predicament. She'd been sober for nearly a decade at that point, putting considerable distance between her turbulent past and the more placid present. "I'm really good at writing when there's chaos and noise in my head, and when things are kind of bumpy," she says. But now she'd overcome so many of her inner demons. "How do I learn how to write from a good place?" The LP, which drops in May, bridges the gap between her innate rebellious spirit and the more conscientious Blay that has emerged over the past few years. Previous singles, such as the softer "Te Gusta/Me Gusta" and no-nonsense "Quise Que Fueras Tú," toggle between vulnerable and headstrong; she might be rough, but her heart is undoubtedly open. Her newest track,... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/30/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Black Women Are Giving Themselves the Flowers They Deserve This Awards Season Black women are consistently underestimated, disregarded, and overlooked in the entertainment industry, but I've been so inspired by Black stars' joy and self-love this awards season. From Quinta Brunson to Niecy Nash, our favorite actresses have already celebrated their well-deserved flowers - and I'll be watching the upcoming Grammys to see if that trend continues. If you've missed all the bright points of this awards season, let me remind you of what's happened so far. During the Golden Globes on Jan. 7, we saw Ayo Edebiri take home her first major award as this year's best female actor in a television series for her work in "The Bear." Her acceptance speech made its way around social media for her relatable delivery - but mainly for her acknowledgment of her agents' and managers' assistants. Despite this being a momentous occasion in her career, she took the time to humbly thank and uplift... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/30/2024 by Daria Yazmiene Popsugar.com How Arcángel Is Grieving His Brother's Loss and Transforming Through the Process Eighteen years ago, before his debut on the 2005 compilation album "Sangre Nueva," not many were familiar with Puerto Rican reggaetón artist Arcángel. In the early days of his music career, Arcángel would sing on mixtapes for his friends and for locals in the rough San Juan neighborhoods of Villa Palmeras and La Perla, where he grew up. But these days, he has millions of listeners tuning in to his music, making him one of the biggest stars of the genre. As Arcángel sits down for our virtual interview, his usual sunglasses are off. He looks straight at the webcam - not the screen - as if having a face-to-face conversation. There's a startling amount of empathy in his eyes, which is both surprising and not when you consider his tumultuous early years, marked by hustling on the streets and finding ways to get by. People tend to associate that kind of life with cynical personalities,... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/24/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Ivy Queen Is Manifesting 2024 to Be Her Year The legendary Ivy Queen - often referred to as the Queen of Reggaetón or La Caballota - once said in an interview, "In the life of every woman, there's a point when you blossom and when you flourish." And for Ivy Queen, after decades of cementing her place as a pioneer of the genre, that time is now. Born Martha Ivelisse Pesante Rodríguez, Ivy Queen first became recognized in the reggaetón scene back in the '90s, when the genre was still considered underground. She was the first female member of the all-male rap collective formed at the studios of The Noise, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. And her first live performance - where she rapped "Somos Raperos Pero no Delincuentes" ("We Are Rappers Not Delinquents"), wearing what would then become her signature style of oversized jeans, a T-shirt, braids, and long acrylic nails - launched her on a legendary career. See full article at Popsugar.com 1/18/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com The New "Mean Girls" Cast Looks Different Than the Original - and That's the Point The very first shot of the 2024 musical reimagining of "Mean Girls" is a vertical frame. Two characters, Janis (played by Auli'i Cravalho) and Damian (Jaquel Spivey), film themselves singing a song that sets the stage for the story to follow. They're troubadours for the TikTok set - and this is a "Mean Girls" for a new generation. The Cady Heron, Regina George, and Aaron Samuels of the original film, released in 2004, had never seen an iPhone - those wouldn't debut for another three years. "Instagram," "Twitter," and "Snapchat" would have sounded like gibberish. Karen was just a name, and Donald Trump was just a business mogul. Twenty years later . . . well, things are different. We've seen not just a technological revolution, but a cultural one. More Americans have become more aware of how rampant racism and discrimination - from microaggressions to hate crimes - are in this country. And while we... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/11/2024 by Abbey Stone Popsugar.com "The Brothers Sun" Star Sam Song Li Shares Why His Breakout Role Is Deeply Personal Image Source: Ziyang Wang When Sam Song Li came across the role of Bruce on "The Brothers Sun," he felt like the character was written uniquely for him. In Netflix's new action-packed drama series, Bruce's life is upended when his older brother, Charles (Justin Chien), who turns out to be a Taiwanese gangster, comes to LA to protect their mom, Eileen (Michelle Yeoh). When Li first read the script, he quickly learned he shared a number of "shockingly close" similarities with his onscreen counterpart. Like Bruce, the 27-year-old actor and content creator was raised by a single mom in the San Gabriel Valley, CA, a predominantly Asian American community where the series partially takes place. Similarly, he also dreamed of being an actor and improv comedian, despite his mom's hopes that he'd become a doctor. "I feel like that especially is just really relatable for a lot of Asian Americans,... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/9/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com There's a Sinister Truth to the Stereotypes of Asian Men Depicted in "May December" The Netflix movie "May December" is heavily inspired by the real-life relationship between Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau, which is probably why its depiction of stereotypes of Asian men feels so close to reality, too. The morally problematic tale takes viewers on a complex journey with troubling racial implications, particularly as they relate to weaponized whiteness and the depiction of Asian masculinity as subservient and childlike. This highly publicized case, as well as its fictionalized version depicted in "May December," raises a central question: how did the fact that she's a white woman impact not only her ability to groom him - an Asian American boy - but also the public's reaction to the story? This feeds into the harmful stereotype that Asian men are complacent and obedient. In "May December," Julianne Moore plays Gracie, the fictionalized version of Letourneau, who began sexually abusing Fualauu when he was her sixth-grade student. See full article at Popsugar.com 12/18/2023 by Michael Kwan Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Lúconde Fuses Theater and Urbano in Her Debut Album Many popular musicians have created fictional alter egos as a way to explore new sonic avenues that they wish to experiment with. David Bowie had Ziggy Stardust and Aladdin Sane, David Johansen had Buster Poindexter, Lady Gaga spent a whole season as Jo Calderone, and the less said about Garth Brooks's Chris Gaines era the better, but it certainly happened. For them, it's a kind of performance art - an expression of their interest in stepping out of their comfort zone and giving the endeavor a theatrical flair as well. The debate about whether these could be considered merely publicity stunts is valid, but for some artists, there's a true creative desire to inhabit these personas. For Adriana Rivera, a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter, it's a culmination of her dream to merge two artistic outputs that have long fascinated and inspired her: music and acting. From this desire and its manifestation,... See full article at Popsugar.com 11/30/2023 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Indigenous Activist Michelle Chubb on What We All Lose When History Centers White Voices Michelle Chubb, also known as Indigenous Baddie on social media, is a model, activist, and public speaker who brings mainstream media's attention to the beauty of and challenges facing Indigenous communities. Chubb is a Swampy Cree member of Bunibonibee Cree Nation, and ahead of Thanksgiving, she shared how many Indigenous communities approach the holiday. "A lot of us don't respect it as an event to celebrate because of the history," she said, referencing the fact that the narrative of the 1621 Thanksgiving feast has long been dominated by white voices and leaves out the fact that cooperation between European colonists and Indigenous communities was short-lived, giving way to violence and massacres of Indigenous tribes in the years that followed. Chubb also shared what it was like to grow up Indigenous, how we can all be more respectful of Indigenous communities, and more. Read it all, in her own words, below. I grew up in the city,... See full article at Popsugar.com 11/22/2023 by Michelle Chubb Popsugar.com 50 more IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/feature/bornondate/?ref_=nv_cel_brn
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Advanced search TITLES NAMES COLLABORATIONS Birthday: 05-13 See results Search filtersExpand all Name Birth date Enter full date to or just enter yyyy, or yyyy-mm below to Birthday Awards & recognition Best Actress-NominatedBest Actor-NominatedBest Actress-WinningBest Actor-WinningBest Supporting Actress-NominatedBest Supporting Actor-NominatedBest Supporting Actress-WinningBest Supporting Actor-WinningBest Director-NominatedBest Director-WinningOscar-NominatedEmmy Award-NominatedGolden Globe-NominatedOscar-WinningEmmy Award-WinningGolden Globe-Winning Page topics Only includes names with the selected topics Award NominationsBiographyBirth DatePlace of birthDeath DatePlace of deathHeight infoQuotesTrivia Search within topic BiographyPlace of birthPlace of deathQuotesTrivia Death date to or just enter yyyy, or yyyy-mm below to Gender identity MaleFemaleNon-binaryOther Credits Adult names Exclude Include 1-50 of 1,545 Sort byPopularity PopularityA-ZBirth dateDeath date 1. Harvey Keitel Actor Producer SoundtrackReservoir Dogs (1992) American actor and producer Harvey Keitel was born on May 13, 1939 in Brooklyn, New York City, to Miriam (Klein) and Harry Keitel. An Oscar and Golden Globe Award nominee, he has appeared in films such as Martin Scorsese's Mean Streets (1973) and Taxi Driver (1976), Ridley Scott's The Duellists (1977) and Thelma (1991), Peter Yates' Mother, Jugs & Speed (1976), Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs (1992) and Pulp Fiction (1994), Jane Campion's The Piano (1993), Abel Ferrara's Bad Lieutenant (1992), Robert Rodriguez's From Dusk Till Dawn (1996), James Mangold's Cop Land (1997), Paolo Sorrentino's Youth (2015). He is regarded as one of the greatest method actors ever. Along with actors Al Pacino and Ellen Burstyn, he is the current co-president of the Actors Studio. Keitel studied under both Stella Adler and Lee Strasberg and at the HB Studio, eventually landing roles in some Off-Broadway productions. During this time, Keitel auditioned for filmmaker Martin Scorsese and gained a starring role as "J.R.", in Scorsese's first feature film, Who's That Knocking at My Door (1967). Since then, Scorsese and Keitel have worked together on several projects. Keitel had the starring role in Scorsese's Mean Streets (1973), which also proved to be Robert De Niro's breakthrough film. Keitel re-teamed with Scorsese for Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore (1974), in which he had a villainous supporting role, and appeared with Robert De Niro again in Scorsese's Taxi Driver (1976), playing the role of Jodie Foster's pimp. 2. Hannah New Actress ProducerMaleficent (2014) Born in London, England, Hannah insisted at age 4 to attend ballet school, setting her on a performing path in life. She later turned her focus to acting and joined The National Youth Theatre of Great Britain. Her interest in other cultures led her to travel around the world, including Bolivia where she did volunteer work in children's homes. Upon her return to England, she attended Leeds University, majoring in English and Spanish and performing in numerous stage productions in both languages. Hannah earned her a First Class honors degree and promptly moved to Spain to further master the language through immersion and even studied Sanford Meisner, with Frank Feys, in Spanish. Hannah was quickly scouted by View Management, a top Spanish modeling agency, and decided to pursue print and commercial work to support her studies in Barcelona and Madrid and save for drama school back home. She was accepted and attended London University's Central School of Speech and Drama. While pursuing her degree, Hannah was offered several Spanish projects, including the lead in the 11-part mini-series adaptation of María Dueñas' best-selling novel "El Tiempo Entre Costuras". Although against standard school policy, Central allowed Hannah to continue her studies while shooting this and several other projects in Spain and in December 2011, she graduated with a Masters in Acting with Distinction. Since graduation, Hannah landed her first American role as one of the leads in "Shelter," a pilot for Warner Bros. and the CW that was produced by J.J. Abrams. She was then cast in Walt Disney Pictures' Maleficent (2014), starring Angelina Jolie. Hannah plays "Leila", the beautiful mother of young Princess Aurora, and the film will be released in March, 2014. She will next star, among an international cast, in the pirate drama, Black Sails (2014). The 8-episode series for Starz is executive-produced by Michael Bay, Jonathan E. Steinberg and Robert Levine. Hannah plays "Eleanor Guthrie", a beautiful and courageous owner of a rowdy Bahamas saloon, who must run her father's black market business as supplier to dangerous pirates. Hannah continues to reside in London, England. 3. Robert Pattinson Actor Producer WriterTwilight (2008) Robert Douglas Thomas Pattinson was born May 13, 1986 in London, England, to Richard Pattinson, a car dealer importing vintage cars, and Clare Pattinson (née Charlton), who worked as a booker at a model agency. He grew up in Barnes, southwest London with two older sisters. Robert discovered his love for music long before acting and started learning the guitar and piano at the age of four. He became a big cinephile for love of auteur cinema in his early teens and preferred to watch films rather than doing his homework. In his late teens and early twenties, he used to perform solo acoustic guitar gigs at open mic nights in bars and pubs around London where he sung his own written songs. Thinking about becoming a musician or going to university to study speech-writing, he never thought about pursuing an acting career and his drama teacher in school even advised him not to join the drama club because she thought he wasn't made for the creative subjects. But as a teenager, he joined the local amateur theatre club after his father convinced him to attend because he was quite shy. At age 15 and after two years of working backstage, he auditioned for the play 'Guys and Dolls' and he got his first role as a Cuban dancer with no lines. He got the lead part in the next play 'Our Town', was spotted by a talent agent who was sitting in the audience and he began looking for professional roles. His first screen role was a small part in Vanity Fair (2004), but he'd been cut out of the final film and didn't know about it until he attended the premiere. The casting director felt so guilty for not telling him, that she got him the audition for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (2005). He was lucky and succeeded in gaining the role of Cedric Diggory, which brought him to a wider audience at the age of 19 and he continued to star in mostly smaller British TV productions. Hollywood expressed only mild interest in him and he was still debating whether or not he wished to pursue acting. Throughout that period, Pattinson would occasionally send audition tapes for roles in America. One, for a rom-com, led to the opportunity for an in-person audition in Los Angeles. That audition did not pan out, but while in town he went in for another, with Thirteen (2003) director Catherine Hardwicke, for a part in what he understood to be an indie movie based on a low-profile book about a vampire. Being the last one out of 3000 male actors to audition for the part, the role of Edward Cullen in the film adaptations of the Twilight novels written by Stephenie Meyer brought him to unexpected worldwide stardom at age 22 and the five films between 2008 and 2012 grossed over $3.3 billion in worldwide receipts. Between the Twilight Saga films, he also starred in Remember Me (2010), Water for Elephants (2011) and Bel Ami (2012). Pattinson's Twilight-era was surreal. He had been catapulted onto Hollywood's A-list as a heartthrob, but also experienced certain preconceptions about what he wanted - or was capable of doing - as an actor. That changed with an unexpected straight offer from auteur director David Cronenberg to star in Cosmopolis (2012), which he described as an eye-opening experience: It reminded him of his love for cinema, why he wanted to become an actor in the first place and solidified his foremost desire for the coming years to work with great filmmakers. With Pattinson being a big cinephile, he since then starred in mostly independent films from respected auteur directors, such as The Rover (2014), Maps to the Stars (2014), Life (2015), Queen of the Desert (2015) and The Childhood of a Leader (2015). His unrecognizable role as an explorer in the amazon jungle in The Lost City of Z (2016) from director James Gray brought him much critical acclaim. His transformation to a sleazy, manic conman in the gritty crime thriller Good Time (2017) earned a six-minute standing ovation at the Cannes Film Festival and brought him a nomination for Best Actor at the Independent Spirit Awards. It was a major step for his transition into a character actor with incredible range, with critics calling his performance a revelation and career-defining. He starred in the western-comedy Damsel (2018) as a cowboy with sociopathic characteristics and played a convict sent to space for sexual experimentation in the psychological mystery drama High Life (2018) from acclaimed French auteur director Claire Denis. He returned to work with director David Michôd in The King (2019) and starred in the black-and-white fantasy-horror movie The Lighthouse (2019) from director Robert Eggers, which earned him his second Independent Spirit Award nomination for Best Actor. In Netflix's The Devil All the Time (2020), Pattinson played a corrupt preacher preying on young girls. He returned to mainstream films with a leading role in Christopher Nolan's time bending spy film Tenet (2020) and will star as the DC Comics superhero Batman in Matt Reeves' film The Batman (2022). 4. Samantha Morton Actress Writer DirectorMinority Report (2002) Samantha Morton has established herself as one of the finest actors of her generation, winning Oscar nominations for her turns in Woody Allen's Sweet and Lowdown (1999) and Jim Sheridan's In America (2002). She has the talent to become one of the major performers in the cinema of this young century. Samantha Morton was born on May 13, 1977 in Nottingham, England to parents who divorced when she was three years old. Peter and Pamela Morton took other spouses and made Samantha part of a mixed family of 13; she has eight brothers and sisters. She turned to play-acting early in her life, while she was a school-girl. At 13, she left regular school to train as an actress at the Central Junior Television Workshop, where she learned her craft for three years. It was at the end of her training then that she decided that a life as a professional actress was for her. She honed her skills in television roles, working her way up from series television to TV-movies and prestigious mini-series, such as Emma (1996) and Jane Eyre (1997). Her first major film role, Under the Skin (1997), won her the Best Actress Award from the Boston Film Critics Society. Woody Allen cast her as Hattie, the "dumb" (unspeaking) lover of Sean Penn's caddish jazz guitarist in Sweet and Lowdown (1999), a beautiful performance in a role that could have flummoxed a less-talented performer. Penn was Oscar-nominated for his performance, but it was Morton's Hattie that was central to the success of the film, Allen's last unqualified success. She provided the moral and narrative center of the film. It was quite a remarkable performance for a 21-year old as she had to do all her acting with her face, having been shorn of her voice. The role of Hattie won Morton a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award nomination. Ironically, Morton had never seen a Woody Allen movie before. (She grew up watching the TV and listening to the radio.) She agreed to do the film after reading the script (as she says, well-written roles for women are hard to find), and the movie made her a hot commodity in Hollywood after she won the Oscar nomination. (She lost out to Angelina Jolie). Morton was offered many roles, but was very choosy as she was not in acting as a game with a payoff of stardom and money. She had consolidated her reputation by following up the Allen film with work in indie features that showed that she was not only talented, but quite courageous as a performer. She played a heroin addict in the underrated Jesus' Son (1999) and gave a brilliant performance in Morvern Callar (2002), the story of a Scottish supermarket clerk coping with her boyfriend's suicide. Steven Spielberg cast her, opposite superstar Tom Cruise, as the clairvoyant in Minority Report (2002), in which she more than held her own opposite Cruise and the special effects. (She took the role as Cruise and Steven Spielberg are favorites of hers). As good as she was, Morton was better served by Irish director Jim Sheridan, Sheridan cast her as a character modeled after his wife in an autobiographical picture more in line with persona and that made better use of her talents. Her performance as the young Irish mother coping with life in New York City in In America (2002) won her numerous critics' awards and another Oscar nod, this time as Best Actress. At this point, one feels that the odds of her winning the Oscar are even or better. Samantha Morton continues to deliver fine work in provocative films such as Michael Winterbottom's Code 46 (2003), though she is branching out towards the mainstream, taking a role in the remake of that perennial family favorite, Lassie (2005). 5. Debby Ryan Actress Music Department ProducerInsatiable (2018–2019) Debby Ryan was born in Huntsville, Alabama on May 13, 1993, but she and her family moved to Texas when she was a small child and lived there for five years before moving to Wiesbaden, Germany. In Germany Debby became fascinated with acting in local plays and musicals. By age 9, she knew she wanted to be an actress. After three years in Germany, the family moved to Keller, Texas, where they lived until they moved to Los Angeles so Debby could pursue a career in the entertainment industry. Debby got her start in film with roles in Barney: Let's Go to the Firehouse (2007) and the MGM feature film The Longshots (2008) alongside Keke Palmer and Ice Cube. She also appeared in a handful of national television commercials. From there, her career took off when she secured one of the series-regular roles on Disney Channel's The Suite Life on Deck (2008), which debuted in 2008. In 2010, she starred in the smash hit Disney Channel film 16 Wishes (2010), one of the first of many Disney co-productions. She took an active role employing online and guerrilla-marketing techniques to the film that had a tiny marketing budget. The movie premiered to 5.6 million viewers and made it as second on the list of cable's top 25 most popular shows of that week, twice. Since then, 16 Wishes (2010) has been successful in over 30 countries worldwide and continues to draw in strong viewership numbers. In addition to her work with The Disney Channel, Debby appeared on ABC's Private Practice (2007), showcasing some of her dramatic acting chops playing Hailey, a recovering cocaine addict. She also appeared as a murder suspect on A&E's hit series The Glades (2010), in 2012. Debby has appeared in over 8 live-action Disney Channel series and countless interstitials. Her current hit series Jessie (2011) was the first live-action series in Disney history to be picked up with only her cast, the Show Runner, and the script. Debby starred in the Disney Channel original movie, Radio Rebel (2012), which premiered on February 17, 2012 to over 6 million viewers. It was based on Danielle Joseph's novel "Shrinking Violet", and Debby appeared as Tara Adams, a shy high-school senior who leads an alternate life as an anonymous DJ [called Radio Rebel]. In addition to starring in the movie, Debby produced the music video and contributed to three tracks on the soundtrack, including "We Got The Beat", "A Wish Comes True Every Day", and "We Ended Right". Aside from Radio Rebel (2012) and Jessie (2011), Debby is also widely recognized for her role as popular season regular Bailey Pickett on the Disney Channel series The Suite Life on Deck (2008), a role she held from 2008-2011. She flexed her voiceover skills in Secret of the Wings (2012) and Ultimate Spider-Man (2012). When she isn't working, Debby is passionate about volunteering and is a Disney Friends for Change Ambassador. Her recent work with Friends for Change took her to India, where in partnership with Free the Children, Debby helped to build a new school for a local village. The documentary on her work was nominated for a daytime Emmy in 2013. Debby is also heavily involved in music and loves to collaborate with her brother, Chase Ryan, and her friends. Her self-written single debuted in 2010 on Disney Channel as a music video about her character in 16 Wishes (2010). It was featured on the 16 Wishes (2010) soundtrack. In July 2011, she released the single, "We Ended Right", which debuted on iTunes and was also picked up to be featured on the "Radio Rebel" soundtrack. Debby wrote her first EP entitled "One". This indie rock, self funded/produced record premiered in the Top 5 on the rock charts and was featured on Billboard. Debby directed plays and skits while she was younger and after years of shadowing successful directors, she was allowed to take the reins as a director for her live action hit series Jessie (2011). She will direct 3 more episodes before the season ends in February. On the business side, Debby is an active producer on Jessie (2011). She was there from the inception of the story, attends production meetings, and makes meaningful and significant contributions to Jessie (2011). She launched a production company called Shadowborn Productions, where she produced the official music video for "Radio Rebel" and another one for Atlantic's "Fueled by Ramen". In 2016, Debby played the part of "Holli" on the YouTube Red series, Sing It! (2016). She is costarring in the upcoming films Rip Tide (2017), playing the role of Cora; and the comedy Life of the Party (2018), alongside Gillian Jacobs, Melissa McCarthy, and Maya Rudolph. Debby was also cast in the lead role of Patty in a pilot ordered by the CW, Insatiable (2018). 6. Mika Abdalla ActressSnack Shack (2024) Born and raised in Texas, Mikayla Sofia Abdalla is a first-generation American actress of Bulgarian, Lebanese, Greek, Italian, and German descent. She is best known for playing the lead spy, McKeyla McAlister, in the Emmy-nominated Netflix original series, Project MC2 (2015). After graduating high school early and with honors, Mika was accepted into The University of California, Los Angeles. Mika currently resides in LA where she attends UCLA while continuing to pursue her acting career. 7. Jeremy Bobb ActorThe Continental (2023– ) Jeremy Bobb was born on 13 May 1981 in Dublin, Ohio, USA. He is an actor, known for The Continental (2023), Russian Doll (2019) and Godless (2017). 8. Taylor John Smith Actor ProducerWhere the Crawdads Sing (2022) Taylor John Smith is an American actor. He is known for his role as John Keene in the series Sharp Objects. Notable films in which he has appeared are Wolves (2016), You Get Me (2017), Hunter Killer (2018), The Outpost (2020) and Shadow in the Cloud (2020). 9. Bea Arthur Actress Music Department SoundtrackThe Golden Girls (1985–1992) Actress-comedienne Bea Arthur was born Bernice Frankel on May 13, 1922 in New York City to a Jewish family. She grew up in Maryland, where her parents ran a dress shop. At 12 years old, she was the tallest girl in her school at 5'9". She earned the title of "Wittiest Girl" in her school, and her dream was to be in show business, but she didn't think her family would support her. She then worked as a laboratory technician, and in the Marine Corps; she drove a truck, and worked as a typist. Her brief first marriage ended in divorce. Afterwards, she told her parents that she wanted to pursue a career in show business, and they supported her decision to join the New York's Dramatic Workshop for the New School for Social Research. Arthur (her acting name based on a variation of her first husband's surname) played classical and dramatic roles, but it would be years before she found her niche in comedy. Her breakthrough came on stage while appearing in the musical play "The Threepenny Opera," with Lotte Lenya. For one season in the 1950's, she was a regular on Sid Caesar's television show,Caesar's Hour (1954). In 1964, she became truly famous as Yente the Matchmaker, in the original Broadway production of "Fiddler on the Roof". Despite this being a small supporting role, Arthur stole the show night after night. In 1966, she went to work on a new Broadway musical, "Mame", directed by her second husband, Gene Saks, winning a Tony Award for the featured role of Vera Charles. The show's star, Angela Lansbury, also won a Tony Award, and she and Bea became lifelong friends. In 1971, Arthur appeared on the hit sitcom All in the Family (1971) as Maude Findlay, Edith Bunker's cousin, who was forever driving Archie Bunker crazy with her liberal politics. The guest appearance led to Arthur's own series, Maude (1972). The show was a hit, running for six years, during which many controversial topics of the time, including abortion, were tackled, and Bea won her first Emmy Award. While doing Maude (1972), Arthur repeated the role of Vera Charles in the film version of Mame (1974), again directed by Gene Saks, but it was a dismal flop. She also appeared on The Star Wars Holiday Special (1978). While appearing in Maude (1972), she raised her two sons, whom she had adopted with husband Gene Saks. After the show ended, so did her marriage to Saks. She never remarried. She became a lifelong animal rights' activist. In 1983, she started working on a new sitcom, Amanda's (1983), patterned after Britain's Fawlty Towers (1975) but it was short-lived. In 1985, The Golden Girls (1985) made its debut. Co-starring Betty White, Rue McClanahan and Estelle Getty, the show was about the lives of three middle-aged women, and one elderly mother, (played by Getty, who was actually younger than White and Arthur), living in Miami. It was an immediate hit, running for seven seasons. All of the cast members, including Arthur, won Emmy Awards during the show's run. She left when she thought each show was at its peak. The producers realized the shows wouldn't be the same without her. In 1992, The Golden Girls (1985) was canceled. Arthur kept a low profile, appearing in only two movies: For Better or Worse (1995) and Enemies of Laughter (2000). In 1999, Arthur made an appearance at The N.Y. Friars Club Roast of Jerry Stiller (1999). She did a one-woman stage show in 2001, for which she received a Tony Award nomination. In 2003, she reunited with Betty White and Rue McClanahan for The Golden Girls (1985) reunion special on the Lifetime Channel. Noticeably absent was supporting actress Estelle Getty, who was ill. The three lead actresses made appearances together for the rest of the decade to promote DVD releases of The Golden Girls (1985). They appeared together for the last time in 1998, at the TV Land Awards, receiving a standing ovation as they accepted the Pop Culture Award. She attended her induction into the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Hall of Fame, with Angela Lansbury. On April 25, 2009, at home with her family, Arthur died of cancer. She was 86. She was survived by her two sons, Matthew and Daniel, and her grandchildren, Kyra and Violet. In her will, she left $300,000 to New York's Ali Forney Center, an organization supporting homeless LGBT youths. 10. Iwan Rheon Actor Producer SoundtrackGame of Thrones (2013–2016) Iwan Rheon (born 13 May 1985) is a Welsh actor, singer and musician, best known for portraying Ramsay Bolton in the HBO series Game of Thrones (2011), Simon Bellamy in the E4 series Misfits (2009) and Ash Weston in the ITV sitcom Vicious (2013). Rheon was born in Carmarthen, Carmarthenshire. When he was five years old, his family moved to Cardiff. He attended Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Glantaf where he began acting in school drama productions at age 17. He was later spotted at a National Eisteddfod of Wales, before studying at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. At age 17, Rheon joined Welsh language soap Pobol Y Cwm, in which he originated the role of Macsen White, but later left to train at LAMDA. His first notable stage part came in Eight Miles High, which was staged in 2008 at the Royal Court Theatre in Liverpool. Also in 2008, he was cast as the haunted Moritz Stiefel in the London production of the Tony Award-winning rock-musical, Spring Awakening. He played this role from January 2009 at the Lyric Hammersmith and continued when the show was transferred to the Novello Theatre, until it closed in May 2009, five months earlier than planned. He earned a What's on Stage Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor in a Musical, which was eventually won by Oliver Thornton (Priscilla Queen of the Desert). For his performance he won the award for Best Supporting Actor in a Musical at the 2010 Olivier Awards. Immediately after Spring Awakening, Rheon was cast in the E4 channel's Misfits, a BAFTA winning program that was described by 247 Magazine as "a mix of Skins and Heroes". He plays nervous, shy Simon Bellamy, who gains the superpower of invisibility and precognition in season 3. On 20 December 2011, Rheon announced via Twitter that he had left the show, along with fellow cast member Antonia Thomas. In 2011 he also appeared in the final episode of Secret Diary of a Call Girl. In 2011, he was nominated for a Golden Nymph in the "Outstanding Actor - Drama Series" category for his role in Misfits as Simon Bellamy. Rheon also made two guest appearances as the character Ben Theodore in Simon Amstell's comedy Grandma's House. In early 2012, Rheon filmed the crime heist drama The Rise. In spring 2012, he began shooting Libertador in Venezuela and Spain. He plays Daniel O'Leary. In May 2012, it was announced that he had signed on to the gritty drama Driven. In 2013, Rheon was cast as the villainous psychopath Ramsay Bolton in the HBO series Game of Thrones. In the DVD commentary for the series' third season, producers David Benioff and D.B. Weiss mentioned that Rheon previously auditioned for the role of Jon Snow in the first season, but lost to Kit Harington, with whom Rheon maintains a close friendship. Due to the vile nature of Bolton's character Rheon said that Bolton deserved his gruesome death in the series, in which he was eaten alive by dogs. He also portrays Ash Weston in the ITV sitcom Vicious. In 2013, Rheon played a lead role in the philosophical radio play, Darkside, based on the themes of Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon album. In September 2014, Rheon joined the cast of BBC One's Our Girl as Dylan "Smurf" Smith. Songwriting and singing since the age of 16, Rheon was lead singer in The Convictions until leaving the band to pursue his acting career. In 2010, he recorded his first solo work, Tongue Tied EP, at RAK Studios in London, produced by Jonathan Quarmby and Kevin Bacon. The EP, a four track release with acoustic guitar and voice, was released digitally in June 2010. He returned to RAK Studios, in April 2011, to record his second EP Changing Times, again produced by Quarmby and Bacon, with the addition of three backing musicians. Changing Times was released on 10 October 2011. On 7 April 2013, Rheon released his third EP Bang! Bang! and on 9 April 2013, released the music video for the title track. Rheon recorded his first album Dinard at RAK Studios in London and Ty Cerdd Studios in Wales. The album was released in April 2015. Rheon is fluent in Welsh and English, with the former being his first language. His older brother, Aled is a musician; the two performed together on the 2015 single "Rhodd". 11. Lena Dunham Producer Writer ActressTiny Furniture (2010) New Yorker Lena Dunham is the daughter of a painter, Carroll Dunham and Laurie Simmons, a designer and photographer. Dunham was educated at Oberlin College, Ohio, graduating with a creative writing degree. It was while at Oberlin that she began writing shorts and feature films. In 2009, Dunham created the web series Delusional Downtown Divas (2009), which gained a cult following. Also in 2009, Dunham released Creative Nonfiction (2009), her first feature film. She went on to write, direct and star in Tiny Furniture (2010), which scored two Independent Spirit Award nominations. In 2012, Dunham came to the attention of a wider audience with the HBO series Girls (2012) created by and starring Dunham and executive produced by Judd Apatow. 12. Mido Hamada ActorAmerican Sniper (2014) Born in Egypt and raised in Germany, Hamada stumbled into acting following a sports injury which led him to study at the Oxford School of Drama in England where his love for the arts and theatre grew. He was cast in plays such as, Spinning Into Butter, Hamlet and Guantanamo at The West End and The Royal Court Theater in England. As Hamada continued his work in theatre, he started to dabble his way into film and television and appeared in the film Sky Captain and The World of Tomorrow alongside Angelina Jolie. He then landed his first TV break in the mini-series "Path to 9/11" alongside Harvey Keitel and Donnie Wahlberg and soon became a series regular on "State of Mind" which paved the way for roles in critically-acclaimed shows, such as "Homeland" and "24" and the mini-series "The Dovekeepers". Hamada portrays Eammon on NBC's "Emerald City" and will appear next on the Starz upcoming series "Counterpart," an espionage thriller with a metaphysical twist. He is an avid Dahn-yogi and is also involved with "The Wolf Connection." a youth empowerment program and wolf dog sanctuary. 13. Brian Geraghty Actor Producer SoundtrackThe Hurt Locker (2008) Originally from New Jersey, Brian Geraghty graduated from The Neighborhood Playhouse School of Theatre and then began his professional career in New York City before moving to Los Angeles. He has previously enjoyed being a surf instructor and continues to surf in his free time. He is perhaps best known for his role "Ronald " on big sky 14. Candice King Actress Producer SoundtrackJuno (2007) Candice Rene King (née Accola) (born May 13, 1987) is an American actress, singer and songwriter, known for portraying the role of Caroline Forbes on The CW's The Vampire Diaries. Candice King was born in Houston, Texas, the daughter of Carolyn (Clark), who was an environmental engineer before becoming a homemaker, and Kevin Accola, a cardio-thoracic surgeon. She has English, Romansh-Swiss, French, and Norwegian ancestry. She grew up in Edgewood, Florida and attended Lake Highland Preparatory School. Both her parents are active members of the local Republican political party. She has one younger brother, Kree Thomas Accola. In December 2006, King released her debut album, It's Always the Innocent Ones, independently in the United States. She co-wrote thirteen of the fourteen tracks on the record. The remaining track was a cover of 'Til Tuesday's hit "Voices Carry (song)." In 2008 the album was re-released in Japan and achieved greater success. King toured as a backing singer for Miley Cyrus's Best of Both Worlds Tour. She appeared as herself in the 2008 3D concert film Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert. In February 2011, King performed a cover of "Eternal Flame" by The Bangles on The Vampire Diaries. King had guest appearances in a number of television series such as How I Met Your Mother, Supernatural and Drop Dead Diva. In July 2009 she starred in the independent horror film Deadgirl which centers on two high school boys who discover an immortal woman in an abandoned asylum. That same year again King had a bit-role in The Hannah Montana Movie. In 2009 she was cast in The CW television series The Vampire Diaries as Caroline Forbes, a teenage vampire. The series was an immediate success with the series premiere reaching 4.91 million viewers. Critical reception for the show was mixed, but as the show commenced, critics were positive. For King's performance, reception from critics and fans alike was very positive and has remained that way, receiving many awards for her performance. In June 2012 she joined the YouTube series Dating Rules From My Future Self as Chloe Cunningham a 26-year-old girl who believes love does not exist. The series centers on a girl receiving romance advice from herself ten years in the future via text message. The first season of the series went on to receive over 14 million views. Candice began dating musician Joe King of The Fray after they met at a Super Bowl event in February 2011. They became engaged in May 2013, and married on October 18, 2014 in New Orleans, Louisiana. Upon her marriage, she became a stepmother to Joe King's two daughters from his first marriage. In August 2015, it was announced that Candice and Joe were expecting their first child together. On January 15, 2016, King gave birth to a daughter which they named Florence May. Along with her The Vampire Diaries co-stars Michael Trevino and Ian Somerhalder, King is a supporter of the It Gets Better Project, which aims to prevent suicide among LGBT youth. Though her parents are Republicans, Candice herself has shown support for President Barack Obama, and supports gay rights. 15. Zoë Wanamaker ActressMy Week with Marilyn (2011) Zoë Wanamaker is an American expatriate actress, who has spend most of her career in the United Kingdom. She has worked extensively in the theatre. She has been nominated for 9 Laurence Olivier Awards, wining twice. She has also been nominated for 4 Tony Awards, without ever winning. In television, she is known for the main role of Susan Harper in the long-running sitcom "My Family" (2000-2011). In 1949, Wanamaker was born in New York City. Her father the American film director Sam Wanamaker (1919 -1993). Sam was born in Chicago to Ukrainian-Jewish immigrants. Wanamaker's mother was the Canadian actress Charlotte Hollan, who was also of Jewish descent. Wanamaker's paternal grandfather was the tailor Maurice Wanamaker, whose original family name was "Watmacher". Sam Wanamaker was a veteran of World War II, and an adherent of communism. In the early 1950s, the United States was experiencing the Second Red Scare. Communists, real or suspected ones, were seen as potential foreign agents and were targeted by political purges. In 1952, Sam was blacklisted in the United States. He decided to settle in the United Kingdom with his family. Zoë consequently settled in the United Kingdom at the age of 3. Wanamaker received her early education at the King Alfred School, a co-educational independent school located in London. She later attended the Sidcot School, a co-educational boarding school located in the village of Winscombe, Somerset. Sidcot was a Quaker school, but was open to students from various faiths and cultures. Sidcot had served as a co-educational school since 1808. one of the earliest British schools of its kind. Following her graduation, Wanamaker pursued a pre-diploma course at the Hornsey College of Art. Having decided to follow an acting career, Wanamaker was trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama. The school had been operating since 1906, when founded by the teacher Elsie Fogerty (1865 -1945). The school was initially based around Fogerty's theories about teaching proper elocution. In the early 1970s, Wanamaker was primarily a theatrical actress. In 1976, she joined the Royal Shakespeare Company. It is a prestigious theatrical company, headquartered in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire. It specializes in performing the plays of William Shakespeare, though it has performed plays by many other playwrights. Wanamaker served as a member until 1984. In 1979, Wanamaker won her first Olivier Award for her role in a revival of the play "Once in a Lifetime" (1930) by Moss Hart (1904 -1961) and George Simon Kaufman (1889-1961). The play is a satire of American show business. It depicts veteran vaudeville performers trying to re-establish their careers in the Hollywood film industry. In the 1980s, Wanamaker frequently appeared in television films and other television production. She played an intelligence agent in the mini-series "Edge of Darkness" (1985), which combined elements from the genres of crime drama, political thriller, and science fiction. She was part of the cast of the historical drama series "Paradise Postponed" (1986), which depicts the changes experienced by British from the 1940s to the 1970s. She was part of the cast in the biographical film "Poor Little Rich Girl: The Barbara Hutton Story" (1987), based on the life and long-term problems of American heiress Barbara Hutton (1912 -1979). She had a one-shot role in the anthology series "Tales of the Unexpected" (1979-1988), which typically adapted short stories into its episodes. In 1991, Wanamaker played manicurist Moyra Henson in the first season of the police procedural "Prime Suspect" (1991-2006). Henson's common-law husband is suspected serial killer George Marlow, and police authorities eventually realize that all the recent victims were Henson's clients. Wanamaker's role was critically well-received. She was nominated for the "British Academy Television Award for Best Actress" for this role, but the award was instead won by her co-star Helen Mirren (1945-). In 1993, Wanamaker had a co-starring role in the drama film "The Countess Alice". In the film, she played Konstanza (nicknamed "Connie"), the German daughter of British aristocrat Countess Alice von Holzendorf (played by Wendy Hiller). Connie investigates her own past and realizes that the real Konstanza died in childhood. She is a child of obscure origins, who was secretly adopted by Alice as a replacement. The film was well-received at the time, though it is mostly remembered for Hiller's last role in a film. In 1997, Wanamaker had a supporting role in the biographical film "Wide", based on the life of the writer Oscar Wilde (1854 -1900). She played the role of the novelist Ada Leverson (1862 -1933), a close friend of Wilde who offered him hospitality when he became an outcast. The film was well-received by critics. Wanamaker was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, but the award was instead won by rival actress Sigourney Weaver (1949-). In 2000, Wanamaker gained a major television role, when cast as Susan Harper in the sitcom "My Family" (2001-2011). Harper was depicted as a tour guide who is married and has three children. Her so-called "control freak" nature often has her clash with her family. Her problems include being married to a husband who clearly does not care about her, and having immature kids. In 2000, Wanamaker finally gained British citizenship, after residing in the country for 48 years. She also maintained her American citizenship. In January 2001, Wanamaker was appointed a "Commander of the Order of the British Empire" for her services to drama. This is a British order of chivalry, rewarding contributions to the arts and sciences. In 2001, Wanamaker had a supporting role in the fantasy film "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", an adaptation of a novel by J. K. Rowling (1965-). Wanamaker played the role of Rolanda Hooch, a Quidditch referee and flying instructor for first-year students at the magic school Hogwarts. The film was a box office hit. Wanamaker did not appear in the film's sequels. In 2005, Wanamaker had a role in the science fiction series "Doctor Who" (2005-) as the villain Lady Cassandra, who is obsessed with prolonging her own life. Wanamaker returned to this role in 2006. Also in 2005, Wanamaker joined the cast of the mysteries series "Agatha Christie's Poirot" (1989-2013) as crime novelist Ariadne Oliver. Oliver was a recurring character created by writer Agatha Christie (1890-1976), and was intended as a self-portrait of Christie. Wanamaker played this role in 6 feature-length episodes, broadcast from 2005 to 2013. Oliver was depicted as a close friend and ally of detective Hercule Poirot (played by David Suchet). In 2008, Wanamaker voiced the blind seeress Theresa in the role-playing video game "Fable II". Her character guides the game's protagonist through its story. The video game was quite successful. Wanamaker returned to this role in two of the game's sequels: "Fable III" (2010), and Fable: The Journey (2012). This has been Wanamaker's most prominent performance in voice acting. In 2011, Wanamaker had a supporting role in the drama film "My Week with Marilyn", which depicted Marilyn Monroe brief stay in the United Kingdom during the shooting of the classic film "The Prince and the Showgirl" (1957). Wanamaker played the role of Paula Strasberg (1909-1966), Monroe's acting coach. The film performed well at the box office, and was critically acclaimed. In 2015, Wanamaker joined the cast of the period drama series "Mr Selfridge" (2013-2016). The series was based on the life of retail magnate Harry Gordon Selfridge (1858-1947). Wanamaker played the role of Princess Marie Wiasemsky de Bolotoff, a Russian aristocrat who serves at the mother-in-law of Rosalie Selfridge. In 2018, Wanamaker gained the major role of Queen Antedia in the historical fantasy series "Britannia" (2018-).Antedia was depicted as the Queen regnant of the Regni tribe, a Celtic tribe struggling against the rival Cantii tribe. As of 2021, Wanamaker is 72-years-old. She has never retired from acting, and continues to appear regularly in television. She is quite familiar to the British public, through decades of notable roles. 16. Siobhan Fallon Hogan Actress Writer ProducerRushed (2021) Siobhan Fallon Hogan has been seen in several blockbusters over the past twenty five years. Her many film and television credits include "Men In Black," "Forrest Gump," "SNL," "Seinfeld, "Holes", "Eileen," "New In Town," and "Wayward Pines." She has done several foreign films including three with Denmark's Lars von Trier in "Dancer Dark," "Dogville" and "The House that Jack Built" and Michael Haneke's "Funny Games." Fallon Hogan has been recently seen in William Oldroyd's Sundance hit "Eileen starring Anne Hathaway. "Vanity Fair" review said, "The great Siobhan Fallon Hogan who practically walks off with the movie after a mere few line readings." Other recent films include work Johnny Depp in "The Professor", FX's "What We Do in The Shadows" and in Paramount Pictures "Clifford the Big Red Dog". Fallon Hogan wrote, produced and plays the lead role in her film, "RUSHED" released in 2021 by Vertical Entertainment in theaters and now streaming on Amazon in the USA and in 20 countries. Emerald Caz Productions and Lars von Trier's Zentropa Entertainment co produced "RUSHED" with a critic score of 90% critics rating on Rotten Tomatoes and 89% audience. Fallon Hogan's has penned and produced a second film "Shelter in Solitude" directed by Vibeke Muasya starring Robert Patrick, Peter Macon, Peter Hogan, Jr. and Fallon Hogan. It premiered at Kevin Smith's SModCastle Film Festival and will be seen Spring 2023 at the Craicfest in NYC, Boston Film Festival and many others and is awaiting distribution. Siobhan was born in 1961 in Syracuse, New York, to Jane (Eagan) and William J. Fallon, an attorney, and is the second of five children. A graduate of LeMoyne College in Syracuse, she received her M.F.A. from Catholic University. She began her career on stage in her own character-driven, one-women shows. After appearing in her show "Bat Girl," she was cast on SNL and Seinfeld in 1992. These shows opened many doors for Fallon, and she then began to work steadily in film. Fallon Hogan has been married to Peter Hogan for over twenty thirty years. They have three children: Bernadette Hogan, Pete Hogan and Sinead Hogan. 17. Mark Heap Actor WriterStardust (2007) Mark Heap was born on 13 May 1957 in Kodaikanal, Tamil Nadu, India. He is an actor and writer, known for Stardust (2007), Green Wing (2004) and Lark Rise to Candleford (2008). 18. Tommy Dorfman Actress Director Writer13 Reasons Why (2017–2020) Tommy Dorfman is an actress, writer, photographer, and director from Atlanta, GA. She graduated with a degree in acting from Fordham University in 2015. First known for her role as Ryan Shaver on 13 Reasons Why, Tommy has since worked in television, film, and theater - recently starring in Jeremy O. Harris' hit play Daddy at The Signature. She has photographed the cover of Paper Magazine, Fucking Young!, and American studies and appeared in ad campaigns for Calvin Klein and Fendi. She lives between Los Angeles, California, and New York City with her dogs, Dabbs and Fiona. 19. Hunter Parrish Actor Soundtrack17 Again (2009) Hunter Parrish Tharp is an American actor and singer. He is known for playing the role of Silas Botwin in the Showtime series Weeds and for his performances in the Broadway productions of Godspell in the role of Jesus and Spring Awakening as Melchior. Parrish was born in Richmond. 20. Frances Barber Actress SoundtrackGoal! (2005) Frances Barber has worked in a string of award-winning productions for the National Theatre and the Royal Shakespeare Company, taking roles as diverse as Eliza in Pygmalion and Lady Macbeth in Macbeth. Among her film appearances are roles in Stephen Frears' Prick Up Your Ears (1987) and Sammy and Rosie Get Laid (1987), Dennis Potter's Secret Friends (1991) and John Irvine's Shiner (2000) with Michael Caine, Peter Greenaway's A Zed & Two Noughts (1985), Peter Capaldi's Soft Top Hard Shoulder (1992), and Still Crazy (1998). Most recently she has appeared in Mauvaise passe (1999) (The Escort) with Daniel Auteuil and Esther Kahn (2000). Frances made her television breakthrough in Mike Leigh's Home Sweet Home (1982). Subsequent TV work includes Kenneth Branagh's Twelfth Night, or What You Will (1988) as Viola, a role she reprised for Branagh on stage, BBC's Annie Besant, Inspector Morse (1987), Spitting Image (1984) and the BBC's adaptation of the Nancy Mitford classic Love in a Cold Climate (2001). On stage, Frances won the 1984 Olivier award for Most Promising Newcomer as Marguerite in the RSC production of Camille. She has worked in some of the UK's most prestigious theatres, including the Royal National Theatre, the RSC, Hull Truck, Oxford Playhouse, the Royal Exchange, the Donmar Warehouse and the Royal Court. Frances was most recently seen on stage in Patrick Marber's production of Closer at The Lyric, Hammersmith. She attended Bangor university. 21. Senta Berger Actress Producer SoundtrackUnter Verdacht (2002–2019) Senta Berger was born in 1941 in Vienna, Austria to her father Josef Berger who was a musician and her mother Therese Berger, a school teacher. Senta and her father performed together when she was just four years old. She sang and her dad played the piano. At five years old, she took ballet lessons and at 14, Berger turned to acting taking private lessons. She left her private school education at 16. In 1957, Berger was discovered by famous director Willi Forst and played a small role in a film. She was accepted to the Max Reinhardt Seminar. In 1958, Berger was the youngest member at the Vienna Theater in Josefstadt. Director Bernhard Wicki and producer Artur Brauner sought after Senta producing the film The Good Soldier, by Heinz Rühmann. It succeeded and Brauner used her in several films. In 1962, Berger moved to Hollywood and starred with Charlton Heston, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Richard Harris, George Hamilton, Kirk Douglas, John Wayne and Yul Brynner. In 1969 she returned to Europe and was seen during the 1970's in Italian productions of various genres. In 1967, she returned to the silver screen with an Alain Delon film. In 1968, Berger played in the three-part thriller Babeck by Herbert Reinecker. 1970 was her debut as Producer of her own company. As director she put her husband's film before the camera. Further, international successful of films of her production company have included The White Rose, The Nasty Girl and Mother Courage. In addition, Berger expanded her European career in France and Italy. The birth of her two sons, Simon (b. 1972) and Luca (b. 1979) prompted Berger to turn back to the theater. In 1985/86, she managed her TV comeback in front of the German-speaking audience in the television series Kir Royal co-starring with Franz Xaver Kroetz , Dieter Hildebrandt and Billie Zöckler. Many TV series guest appearances followed. 22. Jake Borelli ActorGrey's Anatomy (2017–2024) Jake Borelli was born on 13 May 1991 in Ohio, USA. He is an actor, known for Grey's Anatomy (2005), The Thing About Harry (2020) and #Realityhigh (2017). 23. Buck Taylor Actor Art Department Additional CrewCowboys & Aliens (2011) National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum "Hall of Great Western Performers" Inductee, and Multi-Western Heritage Award Winner, most recently for roles in the critically acclaimed movie Hell or High Water (2016) (Outstanding Theatrical, 2017), The Road to Valhalla (2013) (Outstanding Documentary, 2015) and Truce (2005) (Outstanding Theatrical, 2007), Buck Taylor is an All-Around Western Enthusiast and Cowboy at heart. Born on May 13, 1938 in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California as Walter Clarence Taylor III, he is most notably known for his work on the beloved television western Gunsmoke (1955). He tours the United States promoting awareness for organizations that support our Men and Women in Blue, our brave Military Veterans and those deployed protecting America's Freedoms. Buck Taylor is a Artist who continues to attend annual shows and events, such as the Fort Worth Stock Show & Rodeo, to promote our Western Heritage through his watercolor paintings in between movie roles. He has been married to Goldie Ann Mauldin since 1995. 24. Tom Verica Actor Producer DirectorBridgerton (2020–2022) Tom Verica is a true multi-hyphenate with an illustrious career as a gifted actor, director and executive producer. Currently, he is the Head of Creative Production for Shondaland/Netflix. Among his roles in creative leadership, Tom serves as Executive Producer and director on three worldwide smash successes for Shondaland/Netflix including QUEEN CHARLOTTE, of which Verica directed all episodes of the critically acclaimed series, BRIDGERTON, and INVENTING ANNA, for which he was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Limited Series as an Executive Producer and a Directors Guild Award for Best Director of a Limited Series. Other work with longtime collaborator, Shonda Rhimes, include Executive Producer/Director of SCANDAL and FOR THE PEOPLE. Verica has helmed over one hundred hours of television, with both pilots and episodes to his credit, including THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY, GREY'S ANATOMY, BOSTON LEGAL, UGLY BETTY, and AMERICAN DREAMS among others. As an actor, Tom has an extensive career in film, stage and television. Notable tv performances include the role of Sam Keating, opposite Viola Davis as her husband, in HOW TO GET AWAY WITH MURDER on ABC; Jack Pryor, family patriarch, in the renowned, historical drama, AMERICAN DREAMS on NBC; and, as NASA astronaut, Dick Gordon, in the HBO, Emmy Award winning mini-series, FROM THE EARTH TO THE MOON with Tom Hanks. Additional tv highlights include WILL & GRACE, THE NAKED TRUTH, LA LAW, CENTRAL PARK WEST, THE NINE, PROVIDENCE and the iconic 'conversion' episode of SEINFELD. Feature film acting credits include ZODIAC helmed by David Fincher, FLAGS OF OUR FATHERS directed by Clint Eastwood, MURDER BY NUMBERS, RED DRAGON, and DIE HARD 2, In theatre, Tom has performed on and Off-Broadway in numerous stage plays including the Tony-nominated Broadway production of Craig Lucas' PRELUDE TO A KISS. Tom is an advocate for the development, mentorship and inclusion of new directors. Aligned with this mission, he works with numerous programs including the Directors Guild of America, SeriesFest Women Directing Mentorship and The Latinx House at Sundance Institute. Currently, he serves on the DGA Television Creative Rights Committee and has a long history as a champion of directors' educational and equity programming across the entertainment industry. He is a proud member of the DGA, PGA and SAG/AFTRA. 25. Zlatko Buric ActorTriangle of Sadness (2022) Zlatko Buric was born on 13 May 1953 in Osijek, Croatia, Yugoslavia. He is an actor, known for Triangle of Sadness (2022), Pusher (1996) and 2012 (2009). 26. Zohra Lampert ActressLet's Scare Jessica to Death (1971) Solemn-looking Middle Eastern-looking Zohra Lampert, with the prominent cheek bones and soothing voicer, had a touching, understated quality to her talent that should have gone further in the film business than it did. Somehow she never got the breaks necessary for top-flight stardom. Still and all, this comely actress with soft, vulnerable features managed to contribute a number of genuinely affecting performances, particularly on TV. Born in New York City on May 13, 1937, Zohra was the daughter of Russian-born hardware store owners. She attended Manhattan's High School of Music and Art and later graduated from the University of Chicago. A one-time member of Chicago's Second City comedy troupe, she had a stint with the Lincoln Center Repertory Theatre before turning to Broadway and making her 1958 debut in the play "Maybe Tuesday." She was quickly nominated for two consecutive Tony awards for her superb work in "Look: We've Come Through" (1961) and "Mother Courage and Her Children" (1963), then continued with poignant performances in such productions as "After the Fall" (1964), "Lovers and Other Strangers" (1968) and "The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window" (1972). Following occasional TV guest parts on such programs as "Ford Star Jubilee" and "Decoy," Zohra made a minor film debut in Odds Against Tomorrow (1959). She received much more attention with her humble, deeply stirring performance as Ernest Borgnine's Italian wife in the minor crime story Pay or Die! (1960), then quietly stole a touching scene towards the end of the film Splendor in the Grass (1961) from both Natalie Wood and Warren Beatty as Beatty's careworn spouse. Those two performances alone should have lifted her to the heights, but they didn't. A chameleon-like actress who didn't quite fit into the Hollywood structure as a star personality, Lampert, perhaps because of her ethnic looks, was passed over in such films as Posse from Hell (1961) and Hey, Let's Twist! (1961), A Fine Madness (1966), Bye Bye Braverman (1968) and Some Kind of a Nut (1969). She did score with a neurotic title lead in the low-budgeted cult chiller Let's Scare Jessica to Death (1971). She seemed to favor the small screen for the most part in the 60's and 70's. She was performing primarily on the small screen in offbeat lead or character roles on such popular programs as "Route 66," "The Defenders," "United States Steel Hour," "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour," "Dr. Kildare," "Naked City," "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.," "I Spy," "Then Came Bronson," "Love, American Style," "The Bob Newhart Show," "Quincy" and an Emmy-winning guest performance as a gypsy in "Kojak." She also was a part of two short-lived series: The Girl with Something Extra (1973) starring Sally Field and Doctors' Hospital (1975). Lampert graced several TV movies as a second lead or support player including Lady Oscar (1979), The Suicide's Wife (1979), The Girl, the Gold Watch & Everything (1980), The Girl, the Gold Watch & Dynamite (1981) and Izzy & Moe (1985). In later years, she was reduced to featured status in films and found some earthy, quirky ladies to inhabit in such films as Alphabet City (1984), Teachers (1984), American Blue Note (1989), Stanley & Iris (1990), The Exorcist III (1990), Alan & Naomi (1992), Last Supper (1992) and The Eden Myth (1999). Better remembered for her spokeswoman for the Goya Beans commercials in the 1980's, she left the screen willfully in the late 1990's for nearly a decade, but returned for only three films - The Hungry Ghosts (2009), Zenith (2010) and the barely seen Sexual Secrets (2014). She was married twice, divorcing "Second City" comedy co-founder Bill Alton and later marrying radio host and singer Jonathan Schwartz in 2010. 27. Fred Melamed Actor Producer WriterA Serious Man (2009) Revered character actor Fred Melamed was born in New York City. His birth-parents were unmarried; an American actress and British psychoanalyst. He was adopted as an infant by Manhattanites Lou and Syma Melamed (nee Krichefsky). His adoptive father was an early television producer, having contributed such watershed programs as Car 54, Where Are You?, Sergeant Bilko and Let's Pretend. Fred received his theatrical training at Hampshire College and the Yale School of Drama. While still at Hampshire, he began working with playwrights Jean-Claude Van Itallie and John Guare. He was also influenced by members of The Living Theatre, and Tina Packer and Kristin Linklater, with whom he became a founding member of Shakespeare & Company. For his work with Packer, he was nominated for the Irene Ryan Award, a prize for the most promising young actors in the United States. At Yale, he was a Samuel F. B. Morse Graduate Fellow, and was much influenced by resident artists James Earl Jones, John Madden, Athol Fugard and George Roy Hill. Immediately after graduation, he became a company member of Minneapolis' famed Guthrie Theater, also performing at The Kennedy Center, The Yale Repertory Theater, and New York's West Bank Cafe. In 1983, he made his Broadway debut in the Tony Award-Winning Amadeus. On television, Melamed stars on the Marvel blockbuster WandaVision, the Netflix original series Medical Police, and the Apple+ hit The Morning Show. Past starring parts have included benighted manager Bruce Ben-Bacharach in Lady Dynamite, errant father Charles Cole on the Golden Globe-nominated Casual, and major roles in Emmy-winning programs Fargo, Girls, Brooklyn Nine Nine, New Girl, The Good Wife, and Adventure Time. Other memorable turns have included Larry David's name-dropping psychiatrist Arthur Thurgood from Curb Your Enthusiasm, Ben's father on Superstore, conman Harvey Oberholt on House of Lies, Sir Patrick Stewart's high-strung therapist Dr. Mendelson on Starz's Blunt Talk, sports casting legend Glen Klose on Now We're Talking, philandering professor Donald Holt on Married, blind physician Leonard Hillman on Childrens Hospital, and irascible voiceover legend Fred Melamed opposite Robin Williams on The Crazy Ones. In film, Melamed has had a long association with Woody Allen. He has appeared in 7 Allen films, (more than any other actor besides Mia Farrow and Diane Keaton), including the Oscar-winning Hannah and Her Sisters, Another Woman, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Radio Days, Husbands & Wives, Hollywood Ending, and Shadows and Fog. But it was for his portrayal of "sensitive" villain Sy Ableman, in Joel and Ethan Coen's movie A Serious Man, nominated for Best Picture at the 2010 Academy Awards, that Melamed became most widely known. For his performance, he won the Independent Spirit Robert Altman Award, New York Magazine listed his as among the Best Performances of The Decade, and Empire called Sy Ableman "One of The Best Coen Bros. Characters of All Time." Melamed appeared on the Best Supporting Actor Oscar ballot of several American critics, including A.O. Scott of The New York Times, Roger Ebert of The Chicago Sun-Times, and Michael Phillips of The Chicago Tribune. He was named by Harry Domenico Rossi as among The 25 Greatest Screen Villains of All Time. His slate of upcoming films includes Togetherish, where he plays lead Ed Helms's father opposite Nora Dunn; Shiva Baby, in which he portrays an Orthodox Jew who sells medical equipment out of the back of a van; Marzipan, a hallucinogenic look into the life of a washed-up, alcoholic spy; and Rumble, the first feature from Paramount's new animation department, with Will Arnett and Terry Crews. In 2021, Melamed is slated to star in S. Craig Zahler's Hug Chickenpenny, opposite Vince Vaughn. This will be his fourth collaboration with Zahler - previous works have included Dragged Across Concrete, Brawl in Cell Block 99 and Bone Tomahawk. In the past, he starred opposite Lake Bell as voiceover legend Sam Sotto in Bell's Sundance Award-winning debut, In a World...; in The Spy Who Dumped Me with Kate McKinnon and Mila Kunis; the Coen brothers' Hail Caesar, with George Clooney; Lying and Stealing, opposite Emily Ratajkowski and Theo James; Silver Lake, with Martin Starr; the James Brown biopic Get On Up; The Dictator, with Sacha Baron Cohen and Sir Ben Kingsley; Peter Yates' Suspect, with Cher, Dennis Quaid and Liam Neeson; The Good Mother, with Diane Keaton and Jason Robards; The Mission, with Robert De Niro and Jeremy Irons; The Pickup Artist, with Robert Downey, Jr. and Dennis Hopper; and Marshall Brickman's Lovesick, with Dudley Moore and Sir Alec Guinness. As a writer, he has produced screenplays including Girl of the Perfume River, A Jones for Gash, and is at work on The Preservationist, a television series inspired by the case of Melamed's college friend, Edward Forbes Smiley III, a renowned cartographic expert and dealer, who admitted to having been the most brazen and prolific map thief of all time. He lives with his wife, Leslee, and twin sons in Los Angeles. Both Melamed children were born with autism, and he and his wife have been involved in advocacy for persons living with autism spectrum disorder and their families. 28. Joe Johnston Director Visual Effects ProducerCaptain America: The First Avenger (2011) Joseph Eggleston Johnston II is an American film director from Texas who is known for directing the cult classic film The Rocketeer, Jumanji, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, The Wolfman, October Sky, The Pagemaster, Jurassic Park III and Captain America: The First Avenger. He was an art director for Raiders of the Lost Ark and the Star Wars original trilogy. 29. Sunny Leone Actress Director ProducerLies: Diary of an Escort (2011) Born in Ontario, Canada, Sunny Leone grew up in idyllic surroundings, loving the cold Canadian winters and the snow that came with them. Building snowmen and ice skating were regular activities outside the Leone household every November through March. With a love for sports, singing and dancing, young Sunny was a consummate performer, basking in the attention it brought her and eating up every word of praise that came her way. Everything changed in 1996, when her family packed up and moved to Southern California. It was a difficult adjustment for the little Canadian girl, whose innocence and naiveté were less than fully appreciated by her new high school classmates. In addition, her adopted hometown lacked the change of seasons she so loved in the Old Country. Sunny persevered, however, and after graduating in 1999, enrolled in a local junior college. After a friend told her she should try modeling - a natural choice for a young beauty - she found a contact who specialized in adult entertainment and decided to give it a try. Though initially wary of taking her clothes off and striking suggestive poses for the camera, curiosity got the better of her and she dived in full force, quickly becoming one of the most sought-after adult models. In 2001 Sunny was named Penthouse Pet of the Month for the March issue, and numerous layouts in other magazines soon followed, including "Cheri", "High Society", "Swank", "Leg World", "Hustler" and "Club International". She also appeared in the Penthouse: Pets in Paradise (2001) home video, as well as Ja Rule's "Livin' It Up" music video. In 2005, Sunny Leone entered the adult film industry and worked her way to the top, becoming one of the most successful pornstars in the world. In addition to acting in adult films, Leone produced and directed over 60 films under her production company, Sun Lust Pictures. In 2011, Sunny set off to India to appear in the reality TV show Bigg Boss, it was here where her fortune changed and she was offered the lead role in an upcoming erotic thriller, Jism 2 by Indian filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt. Following on from the success of Jism 2, Sunny dedicated herself to Indian cinema making appearances not just in Bollywood films but regional cinema with special appearances in song and dance numbers . Her third feature role in Ragini MMS 2 garnered her more praise and box office success. As of 2016 she has appeared in over 20 Indian films and will be seen in some big projects in 2017, most notably Raees (2017) starring Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan. A documentary titled Mostly Sunny (2016) released at the Toronto International Film Festival and charted her meteoric rise from pornstar to Bollywood star. 30. Eloise DeJoria Actress ProducerWeekend at Bernie's (1989) Texas native Eloise DeJoria made her film debut in Songwriter, starring Willie Nelson. Other feature credits include Weekend at Bernie's, Grand Champion, Don't Mess with the Zohan, Wall Street (Money Never Sleeps), and Wild Hearts. Her latest picture, When Angels Sing, based on Turk Pipkin's classic Christmas story, stars Texas greats Willie Nelson, Lyle Lovett, Marcia Ball, Kris Kristofferson, and Harry Connick, Jr. (from next-door Louisiana). The movie was directed by Tim McCanlies, and was produced by Austinites Elizabeth Avelan, Shannon Macintosh and Fred Miller. Eloise's lifestyle has been featured on 20/20 with Barbara Walters, "E" Entertainment, and in many national and international publications. She is widely recognized as the spokes model for Paul Mitchell Hair care products in television and print ads. Her number one priority and joy is raising John Anthony, her 14 year-old son with John Paul De Joria, and being mother and grandmother to their large combined family. She enjoys the outdoors, staying fit, and eating healthy. Eloise is proud of her work at The Arbor Recovery Center in Georgetown, Texas, where she partners with her son Justin and recovery expert Jim Walker. She loves her time spent with eldest son Michael, who lives nearby with his family and works in the family business, John Paul Pet. She is also known for her contributions and charitable work with local groups including Help Clifford Help Kids, The Palmer Drug Abuse Program, The Austin Recovery Center, The Austin Children's Shelter, Helping Hands, as well as Club 100, Long Center for the Performing Arts, The Paramount Theater, and The Austin Film Society. 31. Caitlin McHugh Actress Writer SoundtrackI Am Legend (2007) Caitlin McHugh was born on 13 May 1986 in Altadena, California, USA. She is an actress and writer, known for I Am Legend (2007), Alleged (2012) and Random Tropical Paradise (2017). She has been married to John Stamos since 3 February 2018. They have one child. She was previously married to Massimo Lusardi. 32. Stephen Colbert Writer Producer ActorThe Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–2021) Stephen Tyrone Colbert (pronounced "cole-BEAR") was born on May 13, 1964 in Washington, D.C., and grew up in Charleston, South Carolina. He is the son of Lorna Elizabeth (Tuck) and James William Colbert, Jr., a doctor and medical school dean at Yale, Saint Louis University, and MUSC. He is the youngest of eleven children, and is of Irish Catholic background. Stephen studied acting at Northwestern and performed with the Second City comedy troupe in Chicago before teaming up with fellow cast members Amy Sedaris and Paul Dinello to create the sketch comedy Exit 57 (1995) for Comedy Central. During its two-season run in the mid-1990s, it garnered five CableACE nominations for best writing, performing, and comedy series. After the demise of Exit 57 (1995) from 1997 (until his departure in October 2005), Stephen was a correspondent on The Daily Show (1996), then hosted by Craig Kilborn. Initially billed as "The New Guy," Stephen became the show's longest-running correspondent before getting his own show, The Colbert Report (2005), which has done well in its slot following The Daily Show (1996). At the time he left The Daily Show (1996), Stephen had been its longest-running and most diverse correspondent. In addition to his role as Senior Political Correspondent, he was one of the hosts of "Even Stepheven," a point-counterpoint assault featuring co-correspondent Steve Carell, and the host of "This Week in God," a recurring segment in which he reported on all things theological with the assistance of the "God Machine." Stephen helped The Daily Show (1996) win numerous Emmy and Peabody Awards and contributed to "America (The Book): A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction" (Warner Books) which immediately topped the New York Times bestseller list and stayed there for 15 consecutive weeks. His personality, intelligence, and leftist political satire could only have led him to The Colbert Report (2005), a half-hour nightly platform for him to give his tongue-in-cheek take on the issues of the day, and more importantly, to tell you why he thinks everyone else's take is just plain wrong. His other notable credits include serving as both writer and cast member on The Dana Carvey Show (1996), writing for Saturday Night Live (1975), and providing the voice of Ace in Robert Smigel's "Ambiguously Gay Duo," which originated on The Dana Carvey Show (1996) and was a semi-regular feature in Smigel's "TV Funhouse" segment on SNL. He was also featured on "Mr. Goodwrench" commercials (2003-2005). Stephen lives in northern New Jersey with his wife and three children. 33. David Simon Writer Producer Additional CrewThe Wire (2002–2008) David Simon was born on 13 May 1960 in Washington, District of Columbia, USA. He is a writer and producer, known for The Wire (2002), Homicide: Life on the Street (1993) and The Corner (2000). He has been married to Laura Lippman since 3 October 2006. They have one child. 34. Tim Pigott-Smith Actor Additional CrewV for Vendetta (2005) A familiar patrician-looking face both here and abroad, blue-eyed, fair-haired classical stage and TV actor Tim Pigott-Smith, the son of a journalist, was born on in Rugby, Warwickshire, on May 13, 1946. The Britisher attended King Edward VI School in Stratford-upon-Avon, graduated from Bristol University in 1967, and then receiving his acting training at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. In later years, he would return to Bristol University as a lecturer. Tim made his professional debut in 1969 with the Bristol Old Vic under the stage name of "Tim Smith" and was predominantly a stage player in both regional and repertory companies. He focused quite strongly on Shakespeare and Greek plays and went on to play Balthazar in "Much Ado About Nothing" for the Prospect touring company as well as Posthumus in a 1974 production of "Cymbeline" for the Royal Shakespeare Company. He made his Broadway debut that same year in "Sherlock Holmes" as Dr. Watson opposite John Wood. Over the years, he would act alongside most of England's grande dame royalty including Judi Dench, Helen Mirren, Geraldine James, Margaret Tyzack, Peggy Ashcroft, Maggie Smith and Penelope Wilton. A charming, distinguished presence on stage, Tim was invited by an ailing Anthony Quayle to take over the running of the Compass theatre company founded by him in 1984 and served as its artistic director from 1989-1992. A theatre director as well ("Hamlet," and "A Royal Hunt of the Sun"), he would take several Shakespearean classics later to BBC-TV. He, in fact, started his small screen career in secondary Shakespeare roles as Laertes in Hamlet (1970) opposite Ian McKellen in the title role and Proculeius in Antony and Cleopatra (1974) starring Richard Johnson and Janet Suzman. He transitioned into more prominent BBC roles with his Angelo in Measure for Measure (1979) and Hotspur in The First Part of King Henry the Fourth, with the Life and Death of Henry Surnamed Hotspur (1979). Aside from Tim's theatre work, quality TV remained an extremely successful venue for decades with impressive performances in such prestigious min-series as North & South (1975), The Glittering Prizes (1976), The Lost Boys (1978), Danger UXB (1979), Winston Churchill: The Wilderness Years (1981), Fame Is the Spur (1982), I Remember Nelson (1982), The Jewel in the Crown (1984) (BAFTA-TV as sadistic villain Ronald Merrick) and The Challenge (1986). He enjoyed recurring roles on the TV series Doctor Who (1963), Hannah (1980) and regular roles in the short-lived comedy Struggle (1983), the drama The Chief (1990) and with The Vice (1999). His mellifluous voice was also popular on many BBC radio productions, in audio books, as well as serving as a narrator on such documentary series as Crimes That Shook the World (2006) and Doomsday: World War I (2013) Film work began in the 1970's but remained far and few and less distinguished with his minor participation in Aces High (1976), Joseph Andrews (1977), Sweet William (1980), Clash of the Titans (1981), Richard's Things (1980), Victory (1981) and The Remains of the Day (1993). He did enjoy a prime role in the nuclear drama A State of Emergency (1985) starring opposite Martin Sheen and Peter Firth. Pigott-Smith remained a strong, vibrant present on the stage throughout his career. In later years, he played in such contemporary plays as "Benefactors" (1984), "Coming in to Land" (1987) opposite Ms. Smith and "Amadeus" as composer Salieri. He also portrayed Leontes in "The Winter's Tale" (1988) and scored critical acclaim in the 1999 version of "The Iceman Cometh" (both London and Broadway) and with Ms. Mirren in an over four-hour production of "Mourning Becomes Electra." Into the millennium, he was seen in "Julius Caesar" (as Cassius, 2001), "A Christmas Carol" (as Scrooge, 2002), "Women Beware Women" (2006), "Enron" (2009), "Educating Rita" (2010), "A Delicate Balance" (2011), "King Lear" (title role, 2011), "The Tempest" (as Prospero, 2012), the Chorus in "Henry V" in 2013, and earned both Olivier and Tony nominations here and abroad for his powerful portrayal of King Charles III (2015). Tim became an RSC Associate Artist in 2012, and served on both the RSC board (from 2005 until 2011) and as a governor from 2005 until his retirement in 2016. On film in later years, he often appeared in official high-ranking parts. His list of movies include Martin Scorsese's Gangs of New York (2002), The Four Feathers (2002), the historical Greek biopic Alexander (2004) starring Colin Farrell, V for Vendetta (2005), Flyboys (2006), Quantum of Solace (2008), Alice in Wonderland (2010), RED 2 (2013), Jupiter Ascending (2015) and Whisky Galore! (2016). He also graced such TV shows as "Downtown Abbey" and recreated his stage triumph in the title role of King Charles III (2017) which earned him a second BAFTA-TV nomination. Tim was in rehearsals for an upcoming stage performance of "Death of a Salesman" as Willy Loman in London when he died suddenly of natural causes on April 7, 2017, at age 70. He was survived by his actress wife Pamela Miles and their son Tom Pigott Smith, a concert/studio violinist. 35. Leonidas Gulaptis Actor Writer ProducerA Nice Girl Like You (2020) Leonidas Gulaptis was born in Grafton, New South Wales, Australia. He is an actor and writer, known for A Nice Girl Like You (2020), The Answer (2015) and Run the World (2021). 36. Ava Acres Actress Writer SoundtrackOnce Upon a Time (2016– ) Ava Acres is one of Hollywood's most versatile young actors. She played "Madeline" in American Horror Story: Hotel, young "Queen Regina" in ABC's Once Upon a Time, and recurred as young "Rebecca" in CW's award winning musical comedy Crazy Ex Girlfriend. Ava's recent credits include a recurring role on Ryan Murphy's 9-1-1 (Fox), Handsome: A NETFLIX Murder Mystery, and Wet Hot American Summer: Ten Years Later. Ava can also be seen as the evil supervillain Katya in MARVEL's Agents of Shield., and appeared in season 7 of Mad Men as Susie. Ava played a young Shailene Woodley in White Bird In A Blizzard (Gregg Araki, dir.), and Daniel Bruhl's daughter in the feature film Face Of An Angel (Michael Winterbottom, dir.) She starred in Ron Howard produced short film Evermore, played Naya Rivera's daughter in the thriller At The Devil's Door (Nicholas McCarthy, dir.), and played the lead role in a short directed by Demi Moore for Lifetime's FIVE - an anthology of short films exploring the impact of breast cancer. In one of her earliest film roles, Ava shared the screen with Academy Award winner Anna Paquin in the feature Free Ride (Shana Betz, dir.). Other television work includes a Tales From The Darkside pilot for CBS, a series regular role on the Fox comedy pilot Outnumbered, roles on Weeds, Harry's Law, Criminal Minds, and more. Ava enjoys singing, piano, ukulele, dance, and is an avid writer. Ava is also an accomplished Voice Over Actor, portraying young Erik in the film Happy Feet Two, recurring as Young Marceline in Primetime Emmy Award winning Cartoon Network's Adventure Time, performed as Sayaka in the Academy Award Nominated film by Studio Ghibli "When Marnie Was There", portrayed multiple roles in the Primetime Emmy Award winning hit show Family Guy, as well as voicing over 50 ADR roles in all genres of film and television. Ava and her older sister, Isabella, were both discovered while performing at a children's community theater in Hollywood, CA. Ava quickly booked her first commercial at age 3, her first Series Regular Role in FOX's Outnumbered by age 6, and her career continues to grow. When not acting in front of the camera, Ava writes, produces, and directs her own short films. 37. Alexa Sutherland Actress WriterThe Baxters (2024– ) Alexa Sutherland was born in the USA. She is an actress and writer, known for The Baxters (2024), Cheerleader Conspiracy (2022) and Speechless (2016). 38. Brian Thomas Smith Actor Producer WriterThe Big Bang Theory (2010–2019) Brian Thomas Smith was born on 13 May 1977 in St. Louis, Missouri, USA. He is an actor and producer, known for The Big Bang Theory (2007), Danny Collins (2015) and The Wedding Party (2016). 39. Alan Ball Producer Writer Additional CrewAmerican Beauty (1999) Alan Ball is an American writer, director, and producer who is known for writing the acclaimed film American Beauty and creating the HBO series True Blood starring Anna Paquin. He also wrote the films Towelhead and Uncle Frank. He also created Here and Now, Six Feet Under, and Banshee. He won awards for American Beauty and True Blood. 40. Melinda Casey Additional Crew Actress Second Unit Director or Assistant DirectorThe Outer Limits (1964– ) Melinda Casey was born on 13 May 1941 in Abilene, Texas, USA. She is an actress and assistant director, known for The Outer Limits (1963), Chicago Calling (1951) and The Green-Eyed Blonde (1957). She was previously married to Philip J Casey III and Robert Sherrill Ballew. 41. Hugo Becker Actor Producer DirectorL'assaut (2010) Becker attended the Conservatory of dramatic art in France, the court Florent (Olga Hörstig Prize) and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art of London. He was part of the promotion of Young Talents Cannes in 2010. That same year, he made his debut on screen in a variety of roles. He played a young politician in L'Assaut, directed by Julien Leclercq, an alcoholic hitchhiker in La Proie, directed by Eric Valette, a student in Marie-Castille Mention Schaar's Ma Première Fois and a young businessman in La Croisière, by Pascale Pouzadoux. In 2010, he made his debut in Hollywood, playing Louis Grimaldi, Prince of Monaco, in the CW drama Gossip Girl. Initially, he signed on for two episodes in the fourth season. Later, his role was extended for another eighteen episodes. In 2011, he played Xavier in the American film Damsels in Distress, directed by Whit Stillman (Oscar nominated for his film Metropolitan). The film closed the 68th Venice Film Festival and was selected at the Toronto Film Festival. In 2012, Becker starred as Antoine Lavoisier in the American docufiction Mystery of the Matter, directed by Mr. Meyer. In 2013, Hugo played Isaac Dreyfuss, a football star involved in a terrorist affair, for two episodes of a BBC3 series. In 2014, he played the role of Romain in the 6 episodes of the miniseries Chefs alongside Clovis Cornillac, for which he received the Adami Prize for the best promising actor at the Luchon festival. In 2015, he played the lead role in the 12 episodes French series entitled Au service de la France, written by Jean-François Halin, for the role of André Merlaux, a young recruit of the French secret service, in the year 1960. In 2016, he began playing the role of Cyril Balsan in the political drama series Baron Noir alongside Niels Arestrup, Kad Merad and Anna Mouglalis. In the same year, he starred in a main role alongside Yon González and Lluís Homar in the Spanish crime drama series Bajo sospecha. He played the role of a police officer infiltrated to find a missing person in a hospital in Madrid. He also played the role of Guillaume in the comedy Un jour mon prince!, by Flavia Coste. In 2018, he starred in Xavier Durringer's Paradise Beach alongside Sami Bouajila, Kool Shen, Seth Gueko and Tewfik Jallab. In the same year, he starred in Jusqu'ici tout va bien, by Mohamed Hamidi, alongside Gilles Lellouche, Malik Bentalha and Sabrina Ouazani. In 2019, he starred as Paul Vanhove in the Netflix science fiction series Osmosis. He is set to play a role as Paul WR in Le dernier voyage de l'énigmatique Paul W.R. by Romain Quirot and as Max in the film Döner directed by Jean-Luc Herbulot. Hugo Becker is fluent in English and Spanish. Since 2014, he is one of the producers at Nouvelle Donne Productions. 42. Robert Middleton ActorThe Court Jester (1955) Despite the fact that hefty, beetle-browed character actor Robert Middleton (born Samuel G. Messer) was known for most of his career as a mop-faced villain capable of the most vicious and contemptible of crimes, the man himself was quite a happy and hearty gent who loved to play practical jokes, particularly on his family. Robert was educated at the University of Cincinnati and the Carnegie Institute of Technology, where he studied music. His deep, mellifluous voice earned him steady work as a radio announcer which, in turn, sparked his interest in acting. In the early 1950s Middleton made it to Broadway, appearing in "Ondine." This in turn led to films and TV, where he solidified his evil image in such strong fare as The Desperate Hours (1955) as a sadistic killer, The Court Jester (1955) as a grim and determined knight who jousts with Danny Kaye in the famous "pellet with the poison" sequence, and as a sinister politician in The Lincoln Conspiracy (1977). Betwixt and between were an array of brutish mountain daddies, corrupt, cigar-chomping town bosses and lynch mob leaders. Occasionally he showed a bit of levity, as in his recurring role as Jackie Gleason's boss on The Honeymooners (1955) sketches. Middleton died of congestive heart failure in Hollywood at the age of 66. 43. Calahan Skogman ActorShadow and Bone (2021–2023) Calahan Skogman is an actor and screenwriter hailing from Green Bay, Wisconsin. In early 2020, after a series of short films, extensive stage experience, and receiving his MFA in acting from the University of Southern California, he landed the role of Matthias Helvar in the highly anticipated Netflix adaptation of Leigh Bardugo's Grishaverse novels titled "Shadow and Bone". 44. Herbert Ross Additional Crew Director ProducerThe Turning Point (1977) Herbert Ross was born on 13 May 1927 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, USA. He was a director and producer, known for The Turning Point (1977), The Goodbye Girl (1977) and The Secret of My Succe$s (1987). He was married to Lee Radziwill and Nora Kaye. He died on 9 October 2001 in New York City, New York, USA. 45. Mary Walsh Writer Actress ProducerMambo Italiano (2003) Mary Walsh was born on 13 May 1952 in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. She is a writer and actress, known for Mambo Italiano (2003), Codco (1986) and This Hour Has 22 Minutes (1993). She has been married to Donald Nichol since 2002. 46. Ryan Piers Williams Actor Writer ProducerX/Y (2014) Ryan Piers Williams was born on 13 May 1981 in Texas, USA. He is an actor and writer, known for X/Y (2014), The Dry Land (2010) and Barbie (2023). He has been married to America Ferrera since 27 June 2011. They have two children. 47. Tish Cyrus Producer Actress ExecutiveLOL (2012) Tish Cyrus was born on 13 May 1967 in Nashville, Tennessee, USA. She is a producer and actress, known for LOL (2012), The Last Song (2010) and So Undercover (2012). She has been married to Dominic Purcell since 19 August 2023. She was previously married to Billy Ray Cyrus and Baxter Helson. 48. Robert Crawford Jr. Actor Producer Additional CrewThe Sting (1973) Robert Crawford, Jr. was a child actor best known for playing Andy on the TV Western series Laramie (1959). He was nominated for an Emmy Award in 1959 for the Playhouse 90 (1956) episode "Child of Our Time" the same year his kid brother Johnny Crawford was Emmy-nominated for playing Chuck Connors son Mark in The Rifleman (1958). Crawford, who was also billed as "Bobby Crawford", lost to legend Fred Astaire and was up against such legends as: Mickey Rooney and Paul Muni and the actor's actors Christopher Plummer Rod Steiger. Although he acted into his mid-20s, his performing career was over by the age of 24. An association with the director George Roy Hill (his father Robert Crawford edited Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969)) got him into the production side of the business, and he later became a film and TV producer. 49. Dennis Rodman Actor Director WriterDouble Team (1997) Dennis Rodman is an American retired professional basketball player who played for the Detroit Pistons, San Antonio Spurs, Chicago Bulls, Los Angeles Lakers, and Dallas Mavericks in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was nicknamed "The Worm" and is famous for his fierce defensive and rebounding abilities. Rodman played at the small forward position in his early years before becoming a power forward. He earned NBA All-Defensive First Team honors seven times and won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award twice. He also led the NBA in rebounds per game for a record seven consecutive years and won five NBA championships. His biography at NBA.com states that he is "arguably the best rebounding forward in NBA history". On April 1, 2011, the Pistons retired Rodman's No. 10 jersey, and he was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame later that year. In addition to being a retired professional basketball player, Rodman is a retired part-time professional wrestler and actor. He was a member of the nWo and fought alongside Hulk Hogan at two Bash at the Beach events. In professional wrestling, Rodman was the first ever winner of the Celebrity Championship Wrestling tournament. He had his own TV show, The Rodman World Tour (1996), and had lead roles in the action films Double Team (1997) and Simon Sez (1999). He also appeared in several reality TV series. 50. Stevie Wonder Music Artist Composer ActorWild Wild West (1999) Born Stevland Hardaway Judkins in Saginaw, Michigan, United States, to Calvin Judkins and Lula Mae Hardaway. Due to being born six weeks premature, Stevie Wonder was born with a condition called retinopathy of prematurity, which made him blind. Stevie Wonder, even with this disability, made his landmark to be a pioneer and innovator in the music industry. Stevie Wonder's mother, Lula Mae Hardaway left her husband and moved herself and her children to Detroit. Due to her leaving Lula Hardaway Judkins changed her name to Lula Hardaway and changed Stevie's surname to Stevland Morris. Stevland Morris growing up played various instruments such as the piano, harmonica, drums, and bass. Stevland Morris never played a lot of outdoor activities due to his protective mother. Stevland Morris due to his musical talent was also strongly apart of the church choir. Stevland Morris was originally discovered by Gerald White who often persuaded his brother, soul singer Ronnie White to visit the talented Stevland Morris. Ronnie White after seeing Stevland Morris brought Stevland and his mother to MoTown Records to visit Berry Gordy. Berry Gordy stated he was not impressed by Stevland's singing,or drumming,bongo skills and then he played the harmonica, which astounded Berry Gordy and Stevland Morris in 1961 at the age of eleven signed onto MoTown Records with the stage name, Little Stevie Wonder. The reason why Stevie Wonder had gotten that stage name was because many people were astounded by his ability to play numerous instruments and his ability to sing doing both at the same time, and people called Stevie "A Little Wonder". Stevie Wonder released his first album called,The Jazz Soul Of Little Stevie at the age of twelve followed by an additional album, Tribute To Uncle Ray dedicated to Ray Charles. In 1963, Stevie Wonder released a hit-song called, Fingertips Pt(2). The song reached number one on the Billboard Pop Charts. Stevie Wonder became the first singer to have a number one album and single simultaneously. In the song were several percussion instruments played by Stevie Wonder and this song was added to the album,Recorded Live: The Twelve Year Old Genius. Stevie Wonder was then referred to as the child prodigy. Stevie Wonder in 1964 made in film debut in the movie, Muscle Beach Party as well as the sequel Bikini Beach both directed by William Asher. In this movie Stevie Wonder shows off his musical talent singing the songs, Happy Street and Happy Feeling (Dance And Shout). Stevie Wonder also dropped "Little" from this stage name as his voice started to change and he could no longer sing songs which Clarence Paul had written for him, as they were all written in a higher pitched note. Stevie Wonder then started focusing more on songwriting and came out with genuine hits like Uptight (Everything's Alright),With A Child's Heart, Blowing In The Wind, and a song which he wrote for Smokey Robinson and The Miracles, Tears Of A Clown. Several other songs which were smashing hits in the 60's and 70's were I Was Made To Love Her, Signed Sealed And Delivered I'm Yours, which Stevie stated was an idea he had gotten from his mother,and For Once In My Life. In 1970 Stevie Wonder left MoTown and recorded two independent albums by himself. Berry Gordy was shocked to hear this by Stevie Wonder and Berry Gord agreed to Stevie Wonder's demand of more independence and full creative control and rights to all his songs. In 1972 Stevie Wonder returned to MoTown records and signed a thirteen million dollar contract with MoTown Records. This entitled Stevie Wonder to a higher royalty rate and more full creative control and the rights to his own songs, which few artists had gotten at that time period. This contract unleashed Wonder's songs to now talk about controversial issues such as poverty,war,drugs, and politics.Stevie is known for writing and performing political songs such as, You Haven't Done Nothing, which took a political stab at Richard Nixon. The first album he had released with his new agreement with MoTown was, Music Of My Mind in 1972. In late 1972 Stevie Wonder released an album which today is known as a historic piece in music,Talking Book. Which included the number one hit-song, Superstition. This song featured the clavinet which Stevie Wonder was credited pioneer of, he later used the electric amplified keyboard instrument in many of his other albums along with the synthesizer. The song Superstition was seen as a significant contribution to the Funk genre. Talking Book also featured, You Are The Sunshine Of My Life which also peaked at number one. Stevie Wonder also toured with The Rolling Stones in 1972 which contributed to his album's success. Stevie Wonder struck a controversial issue with the album, Innervisions in 1973 with singles such as Living For The City which talked about poverty and was credited to African Americans.The album also included singles such as Golden Lady, and All Love Is Fair. On August,6, 1973 Stevie Wonder was in a car accident. The twenty-three year old Stevie Wonder was in the passenger seat of a 1948 Dodge Flatbed Truck,he was sleeping and had his headphones on, the driver distracted by something, and failed to notice the truck ahead of them and crashed. This sent Stevie Wonder into a coma for several days. In a biography entitled, The Miraculous Journey Of Lula Mae Hardaway she retells the story, "There was a great, grinding screech as metal hit metal and, then, impossibly, as if in some lavishly produced Hollywood action movie, one of the great logs disencumbered itself of the truck and came crashing through the windshield, spearing Stevie square in the forehead." Wonder was sent to a hospital immediately after the accident, and was placed under intensive care, with what they described a "bruise on the head" Wonder then made a successful recovery and in 1974 released Fullfillingness' First Finale and which song topped number one on the Billboard Pop Charts was the political song, You Haven't Done Nothing. By the age of twenty-five he was a multiple Grammy-Award winner, winning Grammies for albums such as Talking Book, Inner Vision, and Fullfillingness' First Finale and at the age of twenty-five with several talent musicians he was on the verge of making what came to be one of this most admirable masterpieces, an album called, Songs In The Key Of Life. The double-album, Songs In The Key Of Life was released in 1976 and the album became the first of an American artist to debut straight at number one where it remained for fourteen consecutive weeks. The album contained two tracks which rose to number one on the Billboard Charts,I Wish and Sir Duke. The album also contained an extraordinary sentimental song about his daughter Aisha Morris called,Isn't She Lovely". It also contained the song which focused strongly on poverty called, Village Ghetto Land. Rolling Stones listed the album as the 56th Greatest Album Of All Time out of 500. In 1979, Wonder released a soundtrack album called Journey Through The Secret Life Of Plants. It was featured in the film The Secret Life Of Plants. Wonder also wrote the song,Let's Get Serious for Jermaine Jackson who left The Jacksons and was starting his own solo career. The song was ranked by Billboard to be the number one rhythm and blues song of 1980. In 1980, Stevie Wonder released the album called Hotter Than July. On this album was a song called Happy Birthday. That song was dedicated to Martin Luther King Jr, and Stevie Wonder was one of the pioneers to getting Martin Luther King Jr a national holiday. Stevie Wonder in 1985 received an Academy Award for his song, I Just Called To Say I Love in the film, The Woman In Red. In 1986, Stevie Wonder made a guest appearance on the hit-show The Cosby Show. It was during this episode in which people were astounded toward what the synthesizer could really do. In 1987 Stevie Wonder made a duet with Michael Jackson on his Bad album with the single, Just Good Friends. In the same year Michael Jackson did a duet on Stevie Wonder's characters album. In 1991, Stevie Wonder recorded a soundtrack album for Spike Lee in his new movie, Jungle Fever. The album was entitled, Jungle Fever and the hit-song on it was entitled Jungle Fever. Other singles that came from this album were Gotta Have You,Feeding Off The Love Of The Land,and These Three Words. Stevie Wonder continued releasing new material throughout the 90's such as Natural Wonder, and Conversation Piece. In 1996 Stevie Wonder's A Song In The Key Of Life album became a documentary subject, and several of the musicians who contributed to the success of the album had a reunion. In 1997 Stevie Wonder collaborated with Babyface on the single, How Come How Long. In 2000 Stevie Wonder contributed to two sound track songs for Spike Lee's film Bamboozled. The two soundtrack songs were Misrepresented People and Some Years Ago. In 2006, Stevie Wonder's inspiration of his life, his mother, Lula Mae Hardaway died on May,31,2006. Stevie Wonder then in 2007 announced his tour, A Wonder's Summer Night 13 concert tour- this was his first in over ten years, and he states, he wants to take all the sadness he feels,turn it around and celebrate. Stevie Wonder in 2008 was very involved in the Presidential Campaign, and why he thinks Obama will be a great president for America. Stevie Wonder talked at several press conferences about Obama and why America should vote for him. Stevie Wonder in 2009 was named the United Nations Messenger Of Peace.On February 23,2009 Stevie Wonder received the Gershwin Prize For Pop Music awarded to Stevie Wonder by Barack Obama. On June,25,2009 one of his best friends,Michael Jackson had died. Stevie Wonder attended the memorial and performed the song, Never Dreamed You'd Leave In Summer at the Staple's Center. Stevie Wonder recently in 2011 can be heard playing harmonica on Drake Graham's album Take Care. Stevie Wonder's songs have been sampled by artists such as Jon Gibson,Red Hot Chilli Peppers,Mary J Blige and several other artists were inspired by Stevie's musical talent. Stevie Wonder will forever be known as a pioneer in music a philanthropist, and a messenger of peace addressing controversies in music which very few artists did at that time. Stevie Wonder has touched the hearts of millions through his music and his philanthropic generosity. 50 more Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/chart/starmeter/?ref_=nv_cel_m
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app IMDb Charts Share Most Popular Celebs As determined by IMDb users 100 Names Sort bySTARmeter STARmeterAlphabetical 2 ( 1) Nava Mau Actress Producer DirectorBaby Reindeer (2024– ) 3 ( 1) Ella Purnell Actress Producer DirectorMiss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children (2016) 9 ( 6) Jessica Gunning Actress WriterPride (2014) 8 ( 4) Sydney Sweeney Actress ProducerEuphoria (2019–2022) 10 ( 5) Richard Gadd Actor Writer ProducerBaby Reindeer (2024– ) 1 ( 5) Nicholas Galitzine Actor SoundtrackPurple Hearts (2022) 12 ( 5) Walton Goggins Actor Producer SoundtrackJustified (2010–2015) 16 ( 8) Anna Sawai ActressNinja Assassin (2009) 4 ( 5) Anne Hathaway Actress Producer SoundtrackLes Misérables (2012) 27 ( 17) Briana Cuoco ActressDead Boy Detectives (2024– ) 19 ( 8) Eiza González Actress Soundtrack Music DepartmentBaby Driver (2017) 26 ( 14) Zendaya Actress Producer Sound DepartmentSpider-Man: Homecoming (2017) 15 ( 2) Glen Powell Actor Producer WriterTop Gun: Maverick (2022) 37 ( 23) Cosmo Jarvis Actor Director WriterShôgun (2024– ) 6 ( 9) Freya Allan ActressKingdom of the Planet of the Apes (2024) 49 ( 33) Mike Faist Actor SoundtrackWest Side Story (2021) 54 ( 37) Sofia Boutella Actress SoundtrackKingsman: The Secret Service (2014) 34 ( 16) Kaya Scodelario ActressPirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017) 21 ( 2) Ryan Gosling Actor Producer DirectorBlue Valentine (2010) 40 ( 20) Jodie Comer Actress Producer Additional CrewThe Last Duel (2021) 53 ( 32) Josh O'Connor Actor Writer ComposerGod's Own Country (2017) 95 ( 73) Ana de Armas Actress ProducerBlade Runner 2049 (2017) 87 ( 64) Jenn Lyon Actress Art Director ProducerJustified (2012–2013) 68 ( 44) Xelia Mendes-Jones ActorFallout (2024– ) 199 ( 174) Julie Benz Actress Producer SoundtrackDexter (2006–2010) 25 ( 1) Emily Blunt Actress Producer Additional CrewEdge of Tomorrow (2014) 72 ( 45) Aaron Moten Actor SoundtrackFallout (2024– ) 46 ( 18) Jenna Ortega Actress Producer SoundtrackScream (2022) 36 ( 7) Katy O'Brian Actress StuntsAnt-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania (2023) 71 ( 41) Moises Arias Actor Director ProducerEnder's Game (2013) 31 ( ) Anya Taylor-Joy Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Queen's Gambit (2020– ) 61 ( 29) Eliot Sumner Actor Music Department SoundtrackRipley (2024– ) 176 ( 143) Kirsten Dunst Actress Producer DirectorSpider-Man (2002) 66 ( 32) Hiroyuki Sanada Actor Producer Music DepartmentTasogare Seibei (2002) 276 ( 241) Christina Hendricks Actress Producer Additional CrewGinger & Rosa (2012) 57 ( 21) Theo James Actor Producer ExecutiveDivergent (2014) 89 ( 52) Cailee Spaeny ActressPriscilla (2023) 24 ( 14) Aaron Taylor-Johnson Actor Producer WriterKick-Ass (2010) 63 ( 24) Bryce Dallas Howard Actress Director ProducerJurassic World Dominion (2022) 56 ( 16) Florence Pugh Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Falling (2014) 29 ( 12) Melanie Lynskey Actress SoundtrackTogetherness (2015–2016) 52 ( 10) Rebecca Ferguson Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Greatest Showman (2017) 510 ( 467) Joaquin Phoenix Actor Producer DirectorWalk the Line (2005) 70 ( 26) Annabel O'Hagan ActressFallout (2024– ) 213 ( 168) Ed Skrein Actor Director WriterDeadpool (2016) 155 ( 109) Tadanobu Asano Actor Director ComposerMongol: The Rise of Genghis Khan (2007) 149 ( 102) Lukas Gage Actor Writer SoundtrackEuphoria (2019– ) 7 ( 41) Sarah Jones ActressFor All Mankind (2019–2021) 249 ( 200) Luca Guadagnino Director Producer WriterCall Me by Your Name (2017) 198 ( 148) Russell Crowe Actor Producer DirectorLes Misérables (2012) 17 ( 34) Mckenna Grace Actress Producer Additional CrewGifted (2017) 183 ( 131) George Rexstrew ActorDead Boy Detectives (2024– ) 33 ( 20) Isabela Merced Actress Music Department SoundtrackTransformers: The Last Knight (2017) 65 ( 11) Alan Ritchson Actor Producer DirectorTeenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014) 43 ( 12) Henry Cavill Actor Additional Crew ProducerMan of Steel (2013) 881 ( 825) Jessica Alba Actress Producer CinematographerFantastic Four (2005) 88 ( 31) Austin Butler Actor Producer SoundtrackElvis (2022) 60 ( 2) Nicolas Cage Actor Producer DirectorFace/Off (1997) 167 ( 108) Elisabeth Moss Actress Producer DirectorThe Invisible Man (2020) 109 ( 49) Timothée Chalamet Actor Producer SoundtrackCall Me by Your Name (2017) 81 ( 20) Mary Elizabeth Winstead Actress Producer Soundtrack10 Cloverfield Lane (2016) 121 ( 59) Andrew Scott Actor Producer SoundtrackAll of Us Strangers (2023) 75 ( 12) Dakota Fanning Actress Producer DirectorWar of the Worlds (2005) 1,249 ( 1185) Jenna Coleman Actress Producer SoundtrackVictoria (2016–2019) 145 ( 80) Jesse Plemons Actor Music Department ProducerGame Night (2018) 108 ( 42) Emma Stone Actress Producer SoundtrackLa La Land (2016) 59 ( 8) Ryan Reynolds Actor Producer WriterDeadpool 2 (2018) 47 ( 21) Hannah Waddingham Actress Producer SoundtrackTed Lasso (2020–2023) 215 ( 146) Sarita Choudhury Actress ProducerLady in the Water (2006) 258 ( 188) Amy Ryan Actress Producer SoundtrackGone Baby Gone (2007) 152 ( 81) Dwayne Johnson Actor Producer WriterBlack Adam (2022) 45 ( 27) Joey King Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Act (2019– ) 74 ( 1) Carrie Preston Actress Director ProducerClaws (2017–2022) 106 ( 32) Guy Ritchie Writer Director ProducerSherlock Holmes (2009) 91 ( 16) Tom Hardy Actor Producer WriterInception (2010) 193 ( 117) Tom Goodman-Hill Actor Producer WriterRebecca (2020) 182 ( 105) David Dastmalchian Actor Writer ProducerOppenheimer (2023) 76 ( 2) Keanu Reeves Actor Producer Additional CrewThe Matrix (1999) 117 ( 38) Liam Neeson Actor Producer WriterKinsey (2004) 84 ( 4) Tom Cruise Actor Producer DirectorTop Gun (1986) 41 ( 40) Heather Thomas ActressZapped! (1982) 22 ( 60) Jonah Hauer-King Actor SoundtrackThe Little Mermaid (2023) 238 ( 155) Kyle MacLachlan Actor Director SoundtrackTwin Peaks (2017– ) 1,373 ( 1289) Ann-Margret Actress SoundtrackCarnal Knowledge (1971) 35 ( 50) Jeff Daniels Actor Producer WriterThe Squid and the Whale (2005) 157 ( 71) Kirby Actress Writer ProducerThe Good Place (2018–2020) 127 ( 40) Cillian Murphy Actor Producer Writer28 Days Later... (2002) 4,521 ( 4433) Brian McCardie ActorTime (2021– ) 125 ( 36) Jason Statham Actor Producer StuntsCrank (2006) 603 ( 513) Gal Gadot Actress Producer SoundtrackWonder Woman (2017) 287 ( 196) Emma Corrin Actress Music Department SoundtrackLady Chatterley's Lover (2022) 262 ( 170) Kerry Condon ActressThe Banshees of Inisherin (2022) 228 ( 135) Jason Bateman Actor Producer DirectorArrested Development (2003–2019) 282 ( 188) Ruth Connell Actress Producer SoundtrackSupernatural (2014–2019) 78 ( 17) Alexandra Daddario Actress Producer SoundtrackBaywatch (2017) 179 ( 83) Nitanshi Goel ActressLaapataa Ladies (2023) 1,127 ( 1030) Penélope Cruz Actress Producer DirectorVicky Cristina Barcelona (2008) 107 ( 9) Riley Keough Actress Producer DirectorMad Max: Fury Road (2015) 817 ( 718) Michelle Pfeiffer Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Fabulous Baker Boys (1989) 280 ( 180) Nicole Kidman Actress Producer Music DepartmentMoulin Rouge! (2001) More to explore Charts Top Box Office (US) From the past weekend Most Popular Movies As determined by IMDb users IMDb Top 250 Movies As rated by regular IMDb voters. Top Rated English Movies English-language movies as rated by IMDb users Most Popular TV Shows As determined by IMDb users Top 250 TV Shows Top 250 as rated by IMDb Users Lowest Rated Movies Bottom 100 as voted by IMDb users Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545387393/?ref_=hm_edcft_targ_corman_rated_8_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list Top 10 Roger Corman Movies by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 day ago | updated - 1 day ago | Public Roger Corman was known as the "King of the Bs," and his filmography is full of cult classics. Here are the 10 highest-rated movies he directed, according to IMDb fans.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Horror (8) Drama (5) Comedy (3) Crime (2) Mystery (2) Thriller (2) Fantasy (1) History (1) Sci-Fi (1) Feature Film (10) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » Psychotronic Film (9) Cult Film (7) Corman And Price (6) Independent Film (6) Death (5) Gothic Horror (5) Murder (5) Castle (4) Husband Wife Relationship (4) Dungeon (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Fire (3) Ghost (3) Villain As Protagonist (3) Wine (3) 1500s (2) 19th Century (2) Altar (2) B Movie (2) Based On Poem (2) Based On Short Story (2) Body Hidden Behind A Wall (2) Brother Sister Relationship (2) Buried Alive (2) Burned Alive (2) Candle (2) Car (2) Chandelier (2) Coffin (2) Cold Weather (2) Corman And Nicnholson (2) Corpse (2) Costume Horror (2) Cult Director (2) Curse (2) Doctor (2) Drugged Drink (2) Experiment (2) Fainting (2) Father Son Relationship (2) Fireplace (2) Fog (2) Gothic Mansion (2) Gun (2) Haunted By The Past (2) Horse And Carriage (2) House (2) Infidelity (2) Insanity (2) Lightning (2) Lynch Mob (2) Mad Scientist (2) Mansion (2) Marriage (2) Massacre (2) Men In Tights (2) Mistress (2) Mob (2) Mutation (2) Painting (2) Party (2) Physician (2) Pistol (2) Price And Lorre (2) Revenge (2) Secret Door (2) Setting Someone On Fire (2) Snake (2) Sorcerer (2) Spider (2) Spiderweb (2) Storm (2) Superstition (2) Tarantula (2) Top Hat (2) Village (2) 16th Century (1) 1920s (1) 1930s (1) 20th Century (1) 27 Year Old (1) Abandoned House (1) Abbreviation In Title (1) Accidental Death (1) Accidental Killing (1) Accused Of Rape (1) Adulteress (1) Adulterous Wife (1) Adultery (1) Al Capone Character (1) Alcoholic (1) Alcoholic Drink (1) Alcoholism (1) Ambiguous Ending (1) Ambush (1) Amontillado (1) Amusement Park (1) Ancestor (1) Angry Mob (1) Animal Attack (1) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 10 titles 1. The Intruder (1962) PG-13 | 84 min | Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A charismatic "social reformer" rallies the white populace of a Southern town to oppose school integration, but he soon finds himself in a situation that he cannot control. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: William Shatner, Frank Maxwell, Beverly Lunsford, Robert Emhardt Votes: 3,925 2. Pit and the Pendulum (1961) 80 min | Drama, Horror, Mystery 7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 78 Metascore In the sixteenth century, Francis Barnard travels to Spain to clarify the strange circumstances of his sister's death after she had married the son of a cruel Spanish Inquisitor. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Barbara Steele, John Kerr, Luana Anders Votes: 16,431 | Gross: $4.36M 3. The Fall of the House of Usher (1960) 79 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 75 Metascore Upon entering his fiancée's family mansion, a man discovers a savage family curse and fears that his future brother-in-law has entombed his bride-to-be prematurely. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Mark Damon, Myrna Fahey, Harry Ellerbe Votes: 15,480 | Gross: $3.16M 4. The Masque of the Red Death (1964) 89 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 77 Metascore A European prince terrorizes the local peasantry while using his castle as a refuge against the "Red Death" plague that stalks the land. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Hazel Court, Jane Asher, David Weston Votes: 16,273 5. Tales of Terror (1962) 89 min | Comedy, Horror, Mystery 6.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 68 Metascore Three tales of terror involve a grieving widower and the daughter he abandoned; a drunkard and his wife's black cat; and a hypnotist who prolongs the moment of a man's death. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Maggie Pierce, Leona Gage, Peter Lorre Votes: 8,395 6. A Bucket of Blood (1959) 66 min | Comedy, Crime, Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dimwitted busboy at a beatnik cafe passes off a cat he accidentally killed and covered in plaster as a sculpture, prompting a demand for more art that compels him to commit murders. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Dick Miller, Barboura Morris, Antony Carbone, Julian Burton Votes: 7,926 7. The Haunted Palace (1963) 87 min | Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Charles Dexter Ward arrives at a small village to visit the house he inherited from his ancestor who died there 100 years ago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Debra Paget, Lon Chaney Jr., Frank Maxwell Votes: 8,484 | Gross: $2.62M 8. X (1963) 79 min | Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A Roger Corman tale of Dr. James Xavier's devastating experiments on himself and the unforeseen. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Ray Milland, Diana Van der Vlis, Harold J. Stone, John Hoyt Votes: 8,189 9. The St. Valentine's Day Massacre (1967) NC-16 | 100 min | Crime, Drama, History 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Al Capone's Valentine's Day surprise for the rival Bugs Moran gang in 1929 Chicago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Jason Robards, George Segal, Ralph Meeker, Jean Hale Votes: 4,774 10. The Raven (1963) 86 min | Comedy, Fantasy, Horror 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A magician, who has been turned into a raven, turns to a former sorcerer for help. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Boris Karloff, Hazel Court Votes: 13,578 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 353 | in last week 353 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545387393/?ref_=hm_edcft_c_targ_corman_rated_8_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list Top 10 Roger Corman Movies by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 day ago | updated - 1 day ago | Public Roger Corman was known as the "King of the Bs," and his filmography is full of cult classics. Here are the 10 highest-rated movies he directed, according to IMDb fans.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Horror (8) Drama (5) Comedy (3) Crime (2) Mystery (2) Thriller (2) Fantasy (1) History (1) Sci-Fi (1) Feature Film (10) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » Psychotronic Film (9) Cult Film (7) Corman And Price (6) Independent Film (6) Death (5) Gothic Horror (5) Murder (5) Castle (4) Husband Wife Relationship (4) Dungeon (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Fire (3) Ghost (3) Villain As Protagonist (3) Wine (3) 1500s (2) 19th Century (2) Altar (2) B Movie (2) Based On Poem (2) Based On Short Story (2) Body Hidden Behind A Wall (2) Brother Sister Relationship (2) Buried Alive (2) Burned Alive (2) Candle (2) Car (2) Chandelier (2) Coffin (2) Cold Weather (2) Corman And Nicnholson (2) Corpse (2) Costume Horror (2) Cult Director (2) Curse (2) Doctor (2) Drugged Drink (2) Experiment (2) Fainting (2) Father Son Relationship (2) Fireplace (2) Fog (2) Gothic Mansion (2) Gun (2) Haunted By The Past (2) Horse And Carriage (2) House (2) Infidelity (2) Insanity (2) Lightning (2) Lynch Mob (2) Mad Scientist (2) Mansion (2) Marriage (2) Massacre (2) Men In Tights (2) Mistress (2) Mob (2) Mutation (2) Painting (2) Party (2) Physician (2) Pistol (2) Price And Lorre (2) Revenge (2) Secret Door (2) Setting Someone On Fire (2) Snake (2) Sorcerer (2) Spider (2) Spiderweb (2) Storm (2) Superstition (2) Tarantula (2) Top Hat (2) Village (2) 16th Century (1) 1920s (1) 1930s (1) 20th Century (1) 27 Year Old (1) Abandoned House (1) Abbreviation In Title (1) Accidental Death (1) Accidental Killing (1) Accused Of Rape (1) Adulteress (1) Adulterous Wife (1) Adultery (1) Al Capone Character (1) Alcoholic (1) Alcoholic Drink (1) Alcoholism (1) Ambiguous Ending (1) Ambush (1) Amontillado (1) Amusement Park (1) Ancestor (1) Angry Mob (1) Animal Attack (1) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 10 titles 1. The Intruder (1962) PG-13 | 84 min | Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A charismatic "social reformer" rallies the white populace of a Southern town to oppose school integration, but he soon finds himself in a situation that he cannot control. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: William Shatner, Frank Maxwell, Beverly Lunsford, Robert Emhardt Votes: 3,925 2. Pit and the Pendulum (1961) 80 min | Drama, Horror, Mystery 7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 78 Metascore In the sixteenth century, Francis Barnard travels to Spain to clarify the strange circumstances of his sister's death after she had married the son of a cruel Spanish Inquisitor. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Barbara Steele, John Kerr, Luana Anders Votes: 16,431 | Gross: $4.36M 3. The Fall of the House of Usher (1960) 79 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 75 Metascore Upon entering his fiancée's family mansion, a man discovers a savage family curse and fears that his future brother-in-law has entombed his bride-to-be prematurely. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Mark Damon, Myrna Fahey, Harry Ellerbe Votes: 15,480 | Gross: $3.16M 4. The Masque of the Red Death (1964) 89 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 77 Metascore A European prince terrorizes the local peasantry while using his castle as a refuge against the "Red Death" plague that stalks the land. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Hazel Court, Jane Asher, David Weston Votes: 16,273 5. Tales of Terror (1962) 89 min | Comedy, Horror, Mystery 6.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 68 Metascore Three tales of terror involve a grieving widower and the daughter he abandoned; a drunkard and his wife's black cat; and a hypnotist who prolongs the moment of a man's death. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Maggie Pierce, Leona Gage, Peter Lorre Votes: 8,395 6. A Bucket of Blood (1959) 66 min | Comedy, Crime, Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dimwitted busboy at a beatnik cafe passes off a cat he accidentally killed and covered in plaster as a sculpture, prompting a demand for more art that compels him to commit murders. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Dick Miller, Barboura Morris, Antony Carbone, Julian Burton Votes: 7,926 7. The Haunted Palace (1963) 87 min | Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Charles Dexter Ward arrives at a small village to visit the house he inherited from his ancestor who died there 100 years ago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Debra Paget, Lon Chaney Jr., Frank Maxwell Votes: 8,484 | Gross: $2.62M 8. X (1963) 79 min | Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A Roger Corman tale of Dr. James Xavier's devastating experiments on himself and the unforeseen. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Ray Milland, Diana Van der Vlis, Harold J. Stone, John Hoyt Votes: 8,189 9. The St. Valentine's Day Massacre (1967) NC-16 | 100 min | Crime, Drama, History 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Al Capone's Valentine's Day surprise for the rival Bugs Moran gang in 1929 Chicago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Jason Robards, George Segal, Ralph Meeker, Jean Hale Votes: 4,774 10. The Raven (1963) 86 min | Comedy, Fantasy, Horror 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A magician, who has been turned into a raven, turns to a former sorcerer for help. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Boris Karloff, Hazel Court Votes: 13,578 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 353 | in last week 353 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_14_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_14_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_c_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_14_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_7_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_7_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls025720609/videoplayer/vi820299289?ref_=hm_edcio_c_og_ideaofu_jkt_7_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545387393/?ref_=hm_edcft_targ_corman_rated_6_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list Top 10 Roger Corman Movies by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 day ago | updated - 1 day ago | Public Roger Corman was known as the "King of the Bs," and his filmography is full of cult classics. Here are the 10 highest-rated movies he directed, according to IMDb fans.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Horror (8) Drama (5) Comedy (3) Crime (2) Mystery (2) Thriller (2) Fantasy (1) History (1) Sci-Fi (1) Feature Film (10) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » Psychotronic Film (9) Cult Film (7) Corman And Price (6) Independent Film (6) Death (5) Gothic Horror (5) Murder (5) Castle (4) Husband Wife Relationship (4) Dungeon (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Fire (3) Ghost (3) Villain As Protagonist (3) Wine (3) 1500s (2) 19th Century (2) Altar (2) B Movie (2) Based On Poem (2) Based On Short Story (2) Body Hidden Behind A Wall (2) Brother Sister Relationship (2) Buried Alive (2) Burned Alive (2) Candle (2) Car (2) Chandelier (2) Coffin (2) Cold Weather (2) Corman And Nicnholson (2) Corpse (2) Costume Horror (2) Cult Director (2) Curse (2) Doctor (2) Drugged Drink (2) Experiment (2) Fainting (2) Father Son Relationship (2) Fireplace (2) Fog (2) Gothic Mansion (2) Gun (2) Haunted By The Past (2) Horse And Carriage (2) House (2) Infidelity (2) Insanity (2) Lightning (2) Lynch Mob (2) Mad Scientist (2) Mansion (2) Marriage (2) Massacre (2) Men In Tights (2) Mistress (2) Mob (2) Mutation (2) Painting (2) Party (2) Physician (2) Pistol (2) Price And Lorre (2) Revenge (2) Secret Door (2) Setting Someone On Fire (2) Snake (2) Sorcerer (2) Spider (2) Spiderweb (2) Storm (2) Superstition (2) Tarantula (2) Top Hat (2) Village (2) 16th Century (1) 1920s (1) 1930s (1) 20th Century (1) 27 Year Old (1) Abandoned House (1) Abbreviation In Title (1) Accidental Death (1) Accidental Killing (1) Accused Of Rape (1) Adulteress (1) Adulterous Wife (1) Adultery (1) Al Capone Character (1) Alcoholic (1) Alcoholic Drink (1) Alcoholism (1) Ambiguous Ending (1) Ambush (1) Amontillado (1) Amusement Park (1) Ancestor (1) Angry Mob (1) Animal Attack (1) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 10 titles 1. The Intruder (1962) PG-13 | 84 min | Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A charismatic "social reformer" rallies the white populace of a Southern town to oppose school integration, but he soon finds himself in a situation that he cannot control. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: William Shatner, Frank Maxwell, Beverly Lunsford, Robert Emhardt Votes: 3,925 2. Pit and the Pendulum (1961) 80 min | Drama, Horror, Mystery 7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 78 Metascore In the sixteenth century, Francis Barnard travels to Spain to clarify the strange circumstances of his sister's death after she had married the son of a cruel Spanish Inquisitor. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Barbara Steele, John Kerr, Luana Anders Votes: 16,431 | Gross: $4.36M 3. The Fall of the House of Usher (1960) 79 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 75 Metascore Upon entering his fiancée's family mansion, a man discovers a savage family curse and fears that his future brother-in-law has entombed his bride-to-be prematurely. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Mark Damon, Myrna Fahey, Harry Ellerbe Votes: 15,480 | Gross: $3.16M 4. The Masque of the Red Death (1964) 89 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 77 Metascore A European prince terrorizes the local peasantry while using his castle as a refuge against the "Red Death" plague that stalks the land. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Hazel Court, Jane Asher, David Weston Votes: 16,273 5. Tales of Terror (1962) 89 min | Comedy, Horror, Mystery 6.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 68 Metascore Three tales of terror involve a grieving widower and the daughter he abandoned; a drunkard and his wife's black cat; and a hypnotist who prolongs the moment of a man's death. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Maggie Pierce, Leona Gage, Peter Lorre Votes: 8,395 6. A Bucket of Blood (1959) 66 min | Comedy, Crime, Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dimwitted busboy at a beatnik cafe passes off a cat he accidentally killed and covered in plaster as a sculpture, prompting a demand for more art that compels him to commit murders. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Dick Miller, Barboura Morris, Antony Carbone, Julian Burton Votes: 7,926 7. The Haunted Palace (1963) 87 min | Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Charles Dexter Ward arrives at a small village to visit the house he inherited from his ancestor who died there 100 years ago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Debra Paget, Lon Chaney Jr., Frank Maxwell Votes: 8,484 | Gross: $2.62M 8. X (1963) 79 min | Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A Roger Corman tale of Dr. James Xavier's devastating experiments on himself and the unforeseen. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Ray Milland, Diana Van der Vlis, Harold J. Stone, John Hoyt Votes: 8,189 9. The St. Valentine's Day Massacre (1967) NC-16 | 100 min | Crime, Drama, History 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Al Capone's Valentine's Day surprise for the rival Bugs Moran gang in 1929 Chicago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Jason Robards, George Segal, Ralph Meeker, Jean Hale Votes: 4,774 10. The Raven (1963) 86 min | Comedy, Fantasy, Horror 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A magician, who has been turned into a raven, turns to a former sorcerer for help. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Boris Karloff, Hazel Court Votes: 13,578 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 353 | in last week 353 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_11_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_11_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Export Copy What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors • Created 1 week ago • Modified 1 week ago From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist. List activity 42K views • 26K this week Create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. 28 titles Sort byList order List orderAlphabeticalIMDb ratingPopularityNumber of ratingsRelease dateRuntimeDate added 1. Under the Bridge 20248 epsTV-MA 7.3 (2.1K) RateTV Mini Series Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder.CreatorQuinn ShephardStarsLily GladstoneVritika GuptaChloe Guidry 2. Search Party 2016–202250 epsTV-MA 7.6 (14K) RateTV Series Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears.CreatorSarah-Violet BlissCharles RogersMichael ShowalterStarsAlia ShawkatJohn ReynoldsJohn Early 3. Under the Silver Lake 20182h 19mR 6.5 (52K) Rate60Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre.DirectorDavid Robert MitchellStarsAndrew GarfieldRiley KeoughTopher Grace 4. I Hate Suzie 2020– 11 epsTV-MA 6.9 (4.1K) RateTV Series A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges.CreatorLucy PrebbleBillie PiperStarsBillie PiperLeila FarzadDaniel Ings 5. Swarm 20237 epsR21 7.1 (15K) RateTV Series A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn.CreatorDonald GloverJanine NabersStarsDominique FishbackChloe BaileyNirine S. Brown 6. I May Destroy You 202012 epsR21 8.1 (26K) RateTV Series The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation.CreatorMichaela CoelStarsMichaela CoelWeruche OpiaPaapa Essiedu 7. The Dropout 20228 epsNC16 7.5 (36K) RateTV Mini Series TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company.CreatorElizabeth MeriwetherStarsAmanda SeyfriedNaveen AndrewsMichel Gill 8. The Girl from Plainville 20228 epsTV-MA 6.4 (8.3K) RateTV Mini Series Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter.CreatorLiz HannahPatrick MacmanusStarsElle FanningChloë SevignyCara Buono 9. Under the Banner of Heaven 20227 epsM18 7.5 (35K) RateTV Mini Series A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government.CreatorDustin Lance BlackStarsAndrew GarfieldSam WorthingtonDaisy Edgar-Jones 10. Mindhunter 2017–201919 epsM18 8.6 (337K) RateTV Series In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters.CreatorJoe PenhallStarsJonathan GroffHolt McCallanyAnna Torv 11. Unbelievable 20198 epsR21 8.3 (120K) RateTV Mini Series A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth.CreatorSusannah GrantMichael ChabonAyelet WaldmanStarsKaitlyn DeverToni ColletteMerritt Wever 12. Dopesick 20218 epsM18 8.6 (78K) RateTV Mini Series The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA.CreatorDanny StrongStarsMichael KeatonPeter SarsgaardMichael Stuhlbarg 13. American Crime Story 2016– 30 epsNC16 8.4 (99K) RateTV Series An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals.CreatorScott AlexanderLarry KaraszewskiSarah BurgessStarsSarah PaulsonAnnaleigh AshfordSterling K. Brown 14. When They See Us 20194 epsR21 8.8 (138K) RateTV Mini Series Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story.CreatorAva DuVernayStarsAsante BlackkCaleel HarrisEthan Herisse 15. The Act 20198 epsTV-MA 7.9 (38K) RateTV Mini Series Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder.CreatorNick AntoscaMichelle DeanStarsPatricia ArquetteJoey KingAnnaSophia Robb 16. Ingrid Goes West 20171h 38mNC16 6.6 (48K) Rate71Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star.DirectorMatt SpicerStarsAubrey PlazaElizabeth OlsenO'Shea Jackson Jr. 17. Obsessed 20091h 48mPG 5.0 (34K) Rate25Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp.DirectorSteve ShillStarsBeyoncéIdris ElbaAli Larter 18. Killing Eve 2018–202232 epsM18 8.1 (136K) RateTV Series After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsJodie ComerSandra OhFiona Shaw 19. The OA 2016–201916 epsNC16 7.8 (116K) RateTV Series Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous.CreatorZal BatmanglijBrit MarlingStarsBrit MarlingJason IsaacsScott Wilson 20. Mare of Easttown 20217 epsM18 8.4 (188K) RateTV Mini Series A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart.CreatorBrad IngelsbyStarsKate WinsletJulianne NicholsonJean Smart 21. Sharp Objects 20188 epsR21 8.0 (119K) RateTV Mini Series After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too.CreatorMarti NoxonStarsAmy AdamsPatricia ClarksonChris Messina 22. True Detective 2014– 31 epsM18 8.9 (658K) RateTV Series Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law.CreatorNic PizzolattoIssa LópezStarsVince VaughnColin FarrellRachel McAdams 23. Ozark 2017–202244 epsR21 8.5 (348K) RateTV Series A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss.CreatorBill DubuqueMark WilliamsStarsJason BatemanLaura LinneySofia Hublitz 24. Black Mirror 2011– 33 epsR21 8.7 (642K) RateTV Series Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world.CreatorCharlie BrookerStarsWunmi MosakuMonica DolanDaniel Lapaine 25. Big Little Lies 2017–201914 epsM18 8.4 (225K) RateTV Series The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town.CreatorDavid E. KelleyStarsReese WitherspoonNicole KidmanShailene Woodley 26. You 2018–202441 epsM18 7.7 (301K) RateTV Series A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by.CreatorGreg BerlantiSera GambleStarsPenn BadgleyVictoria PedrettiTati Gabrielle 27. Fleabag 2016–201912 epsM18 8.7 (202K) RateTV Series Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeSian CliffordOlivia Colman 28. Crashing 20166 epsM18 7.6 (26K) RateTV Series A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeJonathan BaileyJulie Dray More to explore FeedbackTell us what you think about this feature.Report this list Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_c_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_11_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_3_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app 3:07 'Twisters'3:07 Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real4:20 The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One'2:27 Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation1:01 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 1:58 How 'Past Lives' Changed Greta Lee's Life1:58 Watch Our Interview 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions3:58 Q&A With Ncuti Gatwa and Millie Gibson 6:32 Watch Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Lose It for 7 Minutes6:32 'The Fall Guy' Cast Talk Stunts and Margaritas 4:32 Taking on 'Challengers'4:32 Zendaya, Mike, and Josh Share Their Creative Process 2:08 'Fancy Dance'2:08 Watch the Trailer 2:02 June Squibb Is 'Thelma'2:02 Watch the Trailer 2:46 'Despicable Me 4'2:46 Watch the New Trailer 3:23 "Hacks" Stars Talk Season 33:23 Our Interview With Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder 1:01 "The Boys" Are Back1:01 Watch the Season 4 Trailer 4:35 A Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers4:35 Watch the Tribute Up next 4:35 A Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers Watch the Tribute 3:07 'Twisters' Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One' Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 1:58 How 'Past Lives' Changed Greta Lee's Life Watch Our Interview Browse trailers Featured today List IMDb's 2024 Summer Watch Guide See our picks List The 2024 Festival Films You Need to Know See the list Photos The Doctor Through the Years See the Doctors 4:31 Easterseals Disability Film Challenge: Watch the Winners Watch the videos Photos 'Superman' First Look and More New Stills See more stills Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the full gallery List Hollywood's Greatest Stunt Performers See the list List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See the list List Roger Corman's 10 Highest-Rated Films See the list Photos The Latest TV & Movie Posters See more posters List Staff Picks: What to Watch in May See our picks Photos The Best Photos of the Week See the gallery List What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" See our recommendations List IMDb's Asian and Pacific American Heritage Watchlist See the list What to watch Get more recommendations More to watch IMDb helps you select the perfect next show or movie to watch. Watch GuideMost Popular Exclusive videos IMDb Originals Celebrity interviews, trending entertainment stories, and expert analysis 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions Watch now 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real Watch now 2:39 The Art of the Con in "Ripley" Watch now 1:40 4 Basketball Classics and 3 You May Have Missed See our picks 5:41 Anne Hathaway on Nicholas Galitzine's Heartthrob Status Watch now 2:59 How Dev Patel Directed a Movie With Only One Paw Watch now 3:23 Jean Smart & Hannah Einbinder on "Hacks" Season 3 Watch the interview 6:32 Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Talk Stunts and Spicy Margs Watch now 1:01 5 Animated & Live-Action Movie Mashups See our picks Explore what’s streaming Explore Movies & TV shows More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/?ref_=nv_home
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app 3:07 'Twisters'3:07 Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real4:20 The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One'2:27 Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation1:01 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 4:35 A Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers4:35 Watch the Tribute 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions3:58 Q&A With Ncuti Gatwa and Millie Gibson 2:46 'Despicable Me 4'2:46 Watch the New Trailer 4:32 Taking on 'Challengers'4:32 Zendaya, Mike, and Josh Share Their Creative Process 2:02 June Squibb Is 'Thelma'2:02 Watch the Trailer 6:32 Watch Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Lose It for 7 Minutes6:32 'The Fall Guy' Cast Talk Stunts and Margaritas 1:58 How 'Past Lives' Changed Greta Lee's Life1:58 Watch Our Interview 3:23 "Hacks" Stars Talk Season 33:23 Our Interview With Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder 2:08 'Fancy Dance'2:08 Watch the Trailer 1:01 "The Boys" Are Back1:01 Watch the Season 4 Trailer Up next 1:01 "The Boys" Are Back Watch the Season 4 Trailer 3:07 'Twisters' Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One' Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 4:35 A Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers Watch the Tribute Browse trailers Featured today List IMDb's 2024 Summer Watch Guide See our picks List The 2024 Festival Films You Need to Know See the list Photos The Doctor Through the Years See the Doctors List Staff Picks: What to Watch in May See our picks List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See the list List IMDb's Asian and Pacific American Heritage Watchlist See the list Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the full gallery Photos The Best Photos of the Week See the gallery Photos The Latest TV & Movie Posters See more posters List What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" See our recommendations 4:31 Easterseals Disability Film Challenge: Watch the Winners Watch the videos Photos 'Superman' First Look and More New Stills See more stills List Roger Corman's 10 Highest-Rated Films See the list List Hollywood's Greatest Stunt Performers See the list What to watch Get more recommendations More to watch IMDb helps you select the perfect next show or movie to watch. Watch GuideMost Popular Exclusive videos IMDb Originals Celebrity interviews, trending entertainment stories, and expert analysis 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions Watch now 2:39 The Art of the Con in "Ripley" Watch now 1:01 5 Animated & Live-Action Movie Mashups See our picks 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real Watch now 3:23 Jean Smart & Hannah Einbinder on "Hacks" Season 3 Watch the interview 6:32 Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Talk Stunts and Spicy Margs Watch now 5:41 Anne Hathaway on Nicholas Galitzine's Heartthrob Status Watch now 2:59 How Dev Patel Directed a Movie With Only One Paw Watch now 1:40 4 Basketball Classics and 3 You May Have Missed See our picks Explore what’s streaming Explore Movies & TV shows More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/news/movie/?ref_=nv_nw_mv
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Movie News ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Swings to $72 Million at Overseas Box Office, Mighty $129 Million Globally Disney and 20th Century’s “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” climbed to $72.5 million at the international box office in its first weekend of release. The newest film in the long-running “Apes” series also notched No. 1 in North America with $56.5 million, bringing its initial global tally to a promising $129 million. Like its predecessors, the $160 million-budgeted “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” is projected to earn the bulk of its revenues at the international box office. Overseas, the movie enjoyed the biggest start in China with $11.4 million (a lackluster debut for the territory), France with $7.1 million, Mexico with $6.4 million and the United Kingdom with $4.8 million. Other top markets were Korea ($3.2 million), Australia ($2.7 million), Brazil ($2.6 million), Germany (2.2 million) and Spain ($2.2 million). Audiences opted to watch the film in the best possible quality as premium formats represented 41% of global box office revenues. In Imax alone, “Kingdom” earned $13.2 million worldwide, including $6.2 million from foreign territories. See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Rebecca Rubin Variety - Film News Roger Corman, Pioneering Independent Producer and King of B Movies, Dies at 98 Legendary B-movie king Roger Corman, who directed and produced hundreds of low-budget films and discovered such future industry stars as Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro, has died. He was 98. Corman died May 9 at his home in Santa Monica, Calif., surrounded by family members, the family confirmed to Variety. “His films were revolutionary and iconoclastic, and captured the spirit of an age. When asked how he would like to be remembered, he said, ‘I was a filmmaker, just that,'” the family said in a statement. Corman’s empire, which existed in several incarnations, including New World Pictures,... See full article at Variety - TV News 5/12/2024 by Richard Natale and Tim Gray Variety - TV News Walton Goggins Found Transforming Into the Ghoul in ‘Fallout’ Challenging: ‘It Was Extremely Uncomfortable’ Does Walton Goggins smell an Emmy approaching? Probably not, but only because his character in Amazon Prime Video’s hit “Fallout” TV series doesn’t have a nose. But nevertheless, his performance is earning rave reviews and awards voters are known to love a transformation. Goggins spent hours in the makeup chair before almost every shoot to turn into The Ghoul, a lone-wolf wastelander who’s been around for hundreds of years. In an interview with Deadline Studio at Prime Experience, Goggins acknowledged the difficulties of taking on this character physically and emotionally. “The very first time we did the application [of his mask],” Goggins said, “I asked to be left alone for an hour and a half outside and Jonah [Nolan] came by. I just sat outside by myself and just photographed it like in the sun and in the shade. I was extremely intimidated but excited to see how this Ferrari would work. See full article at Indiewire 5/13/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire A dog in the dock and another doing red carpet interviews: why has Cannes gone canine crazy? Once a celebration of arthouse raunch, the film festival has had to change in the #MeToo era. Is that why, on screen and off, pooches are everywhere this year? Our writer goes walkies on the Côte d’Azur One of the most eagerly anticipated talents about to grace the red carpet at Cannes this week is tall, blond, leggy and has a seductively husky voice. Par for the course, you might think, at the glitzy, notoriously libidinous film festival on the sun-kissed Côte d’Azur – were it not for that lolling tongue and the fact that the bag in the hands of the entourage is more likely to be a doggy-doo than a Birkin or Chanel. Fawn-maned griffon cross Kodi is the star of French-Swiss actor Laetitia Dosch’s directorial debut Dog on Trial, a film that feels precision-engineered for Cannes’ 77th edition in more ways than one. Dosch tells... See full article at The Guardian - Film News 5/13/2024 by Philip Oltermann The Guardian - Film News China Box Office: ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Opens on Top of Weekend Chart “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” debuted on top of the mainland China box office with an opening weekend score of $11.4 million (RMB81.1 million). That was only the fourth weekend this year that a Hollywood film has topped the China charts and the third time in 2024 that a Hollywood title has opened on top. “Apes” was also the top film this weekend in North America and international markets. Data from consultancy firm Artisan Gateway showed that the film accounted for some 30% of the theatrical total on a weekend where theaters earned a combined $38.2 million. The nationwide total represented a significant slump compared with the previous May Day holiday weekend which was worth $109 million. On a year-to-date basis, Chinese theaters have earned $2.92 billion. That still leaves China as the world’s biggest theatrical market so far in 2024, ahead of North America where cumulative takings amount to $2.92. But the gap may... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/13/2024 by Patrick Frater Variety - Film News Star Trek's Walter Koenig Had A Big Idea For His Cancelled Next Generation Cameo There were multiple crossovers between the original "Star Trek" and "Star Trek: The Next Generation." This first happened in the 1987 pilot episode of the latter, wherein DeForest Kelley appeared as a very elderly — 137! — Dr. McCoy. Then in 1991's "Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country," Captain Kirk (William Shatner) and Dr. McCoy were put on trial in a Klingon court, and their Klingon defense lawyer was played by "Next Generation" Worf actor Michael Dorn. There is some debate as to whether or not Dorn was playing an ancestor of Worf's in that film. What's more, Sarek (Mark Lenard) appeared on "Next Generation" in an episode devoted to him. Later still, Spock (Leonard Nimoy) appeared in a two-part episode of "Next Generation" as a rogue diplomat trying to reunify the Romulans and the Vulcans. Luckily, Vulcans are very long-lived. And finally, Scotty (James Doohan) appeared on an episode of "Next Generation," having... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Interview With The Vampire Season 2 Keeps One Of The Best Parts Of The Novel This post contains spoilers for AMC's "Interview with the Vampire." What is the price of being immortal? The true bane of immortality is erosion, where memories elongate and distort over time, and our perceptions of people ebb and flow with the power of hindsight and the lull of nostalgia. If an immortal were to narrate their lives on record, recount every delightful and traumatic memory in vivid detail, would these accounts be considered "truth"? This crucial question lies at the heart of the season 2 premiere of "Interview with the Vampire," which builds on the slanted truth of its first season and deepens the distortions of experiencing emotions that never end. The AMC show has already proven its ingenuity in adapting a classic novel series that is beloved and controversial. It has identified the core appeal of Anne Rice's "The Vampire Chronicles" by leaning on the novel series' danger-tinged... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Debopriyaa Dutta Slash Film Korea Box Office: ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Opens Second as ‘Roundup: Punishment’ Wins Third Weekend “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” opened in second place at the South Korean weekend box office, a distance behind local holdover title “The Roundup: Punishment.” “Punishment,” the fourth part of Don Lee’s “Roundup” action franchise, dominated proceedings for the third weekend in succession. It earned $5.53 million and advanced its cumulative total to $67.7 million, according to Kobis, the tracking service operated by the Korean Film Council (Kofic). Its earnings represented a still strong 58% share of the weekend theatrical market, but they were also down by 60% week-on-week, suggesting that “Punishment” may not reach the heights of the previous franchise elements. In 2022, “The Roundup” earned $95.7 million (using current rates of currency exchange), while last year “The Roundup: No Way Out” earned $76.3 million. “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” recorded $2.45 million between Friday and Sunday with a 26% market share. Over its full five-day opening in Korea, the film earned $3.10 million from 415,000 ticket sales. See full article at Variety - Film News 5/13/2024 by Patrick Frater Variety - Film News The American National Tragedy That Gave A Nightmare On Elm Street Its Name 40 years later, the original "A Nightmare on Elm Street" has more than earned its place in cinema history as a slasher classic. Written and directed by the late (and very much missed) Wes Craven, the 1984 horror film follows a group of teens from Springwood, Ohio -- which looks suspiciously like Los Angeles in several shots, but charmingly so -- as they begin dreaming of the same mysterious figure. This man, whose face is covered in burn marks and wears a glove armed with razor blades, is no shared figment of their imagination. He's Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund), the vengeful ghost of a local child murderer who now has the power to kill his victims in their sleep. Why is he vengeful? Freddy, you see, was eventually arrested but avoided punishment after getting off on a legal technicality. In retaliation, his victims' loved ones hunted him down and burnt him to death,... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Sandy Schaefer Slash Film Mark Damon, Veteran International Sales Executive and Actor, Dies at 91 Mark Damon, an actor-turned-independent sales executive who was a force in the foreign sales world and at film markets for many decades, died Sunday in Los Angeles, according to his wife. He was 91. Damon won the Golden Globe for Most Promising Newcomer for his starring role in 1960’s “House of Usher” for director Roger Corman, who died Thursday, then went on to appear in numerous Spaghetti Westerns and other B-movies shot in Europe, from “Johnny Yuma” to Mario Bava’s “Black Sabbath.” Born Alan Harris in Chicago, Damon earned an Mba at UCLA, then moved to Rome where he established a busy acting career. When he returned to the U.S., he founded Producers Sales Organization to bring American independent films to international distributors, helping launch the American Film Market and Independent Film & Television Alliance. He explained how his business started in a 2013 Variety profile: “Back in 1975, it was very tough. See full article at Variety - Film News 5/13/2024 by Pat Saperstein Variety - Film News The Only Sean Connery Movie That Has A Perfect Rotten Tomatoes Score When you think of Sean Connery, you probably think of either James Bond or Indiana Jones' dad. If you grew up in the '90s you might even think of that movie where he was on a submarine, or vaguely recall the marketing for a film where he played opposite Catherine Zeta-Jones. But there's no doubt that long before Connery was advising the "Hunt for Red October" director to rewrite the film's script, or complaining about "Entrapment" having too many special effects, he was best known as either England's greatest spy or as Dr. Henry Jones, Sr. Still, when it comes to an actor as talented as Connery, not everyone thinks of these roles as his best. If you ask Christopher Nolan, for instance, he'll tell you that the Scottish star's finest performance came in Sidney Lumet's 1973 crime drama "The Offence," with Nolan recently celebrating the film for containing... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Joe Roberts Slash Film Why DeAnne Smith Featured Their Ex-Boobs in Hannah Gadsby’s Latest Netflix Special It’s a cardinal rule of entertainment obsession that if any movie, TV show, or special explicitly offers you contact information — be it a phone number, a social media account, or an email address — you try to use it. Following that lead out of “Hannah Gadsby’s Gender Agenda,” which debuted March 5 on Netflix, DeAnne Smith discovered a bouncy and bold new reason for sneaking just that sort of bonus content into stand-up comedy. Commemorating their specific experience as a nonbinary person through a secret inbox for fans (something Smith is still managing in their spare time offstage months later), the agender comedian found a means of connecting to both cis and trans people through a shared interest: boobs. “I wanted to talk about top surgery because I know that’s not relatable to everyone, but I wanted to reach people that it was relatable to,” Smith told IndieWire. For the... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Alison Foreman Indiewire Screenwriting Couple Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver Offer Advice on Breaking into Industry: ‘Try to Make the Stories as Personal as Possible’ “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” may not feature the words of screenwriting power couple Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver, but their imprint is all over the reboot franchise and because of the producer credit they fought for when they wrote “Rise,” their names will be too. Having been an agent before he transitioned into screenwriting, Jaffa was well acquainted with the benefits of obtaining producer status and it has since allowed him and wife Amanda Silver to maintain ownership over a reboot franchise many consider to be better than its predecessor. In a recent interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Jaffa said his creative shift away from agency work wasn’t much of a surprise, but that Silver helped him along. “I loved movies and saw a ton of films,”Jaffa said of how he spent his youth. “I would drive from the small town I grew up in... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire First Ideas For Dune's Opening Scenes Would Have Eaten Up The Entire Movie Budget For many years, Frank Herbert's "Dune" saga was described as impossible to adapt. Oh, people tried (check out our ranking of the "Dune" movies/TV here), but it wasn't until director Denis Villeneuve's two recent "Dune" films (with a third movie forthcoming) that one of these efforts was acclaimed. Villeneuve went from making a sequel to "Blade Runner" to adapting a story deemed a white whale. You can't say he doesn't have ambition, but even he has his limits. Speaking to IndieWire in 2022, "Dune" screenwriter Eric Roth described his original pitch for the movie's opening sequence. Essentially, it was the Book of Genesis, Arrakis edition: "I started the movie with what would seem to be 'Genesis — 'and God created'— and you think you're seeing the formation of the Earth. And it's Dune, with wild animals, things you've never seen." Roth remembered Villeneuve's answer, "This is magnificent, but... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Devin Meenan Slash Film Mark Damon, film sales pioneer and former leading man, dies on eve of Cannes aged 91 Mark Damon, the former spaghetti western leading man who turned to a pioneering career in independent sales and financing and was a fixture at the film markets, has died on the eve of Cannes. He was 91. Damon’s representatives confirmed he died in Los Angeles on Sunday (May 12). Damon produced, packaged and sold numerous films and led Producer Sales Organization (Pso), Vision International, Mdp Worldwide, Media 8, and most recently Foresight Unlimited. He attended Cannes dozens of times and produced or served as executive producer on more than 70 films. One of his most illustrious producer credits came at Media 8 with Patty Jenkins’ Monster. See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily The Only Major Actors Still Alive From Thx 1138 Before "Star Wars," there was "Thx 1138." A strange, dystopic science fiction movie packed with big ideas up to its eyeballs, "Thx 1138" is now mostly known as the feature directorial debut of one George Walton Lucas Jr. (though it also came back in conversation when the best episode of "Andor" paid homage to it). The future Lucasfilm founder originally created this story of repressed emotions and stymied sexuality as a student film, but by the time it was reimagined as a feature, it had gained backing from Warner Bros. Lucas' American Zoetrope co-founder Francis Ford Coppola also had faith in the movie, and served as one of its producers. "Thx 1138" starred Robert Duvall, then already known for his work on stage and television, not to mention in films like "To Kill A Mockingbird," "M*A*S*H," and "True Grit." Future "Halloween" actor Donald Pleasence co-starred, along with a then-unknown actress named Maggie McOmie. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Valerie Ettenhofer Slash Film Amy Poehler Wants ‘Inside Out’ Series to Be Like Michael Apted’s ‘Up’ Saga, Show Character Riley as ‘a Young Adult, and a Young Mother’ Is Disney about to have its own “Before” series? Just as Richard Linklater’s day-in-the-life romances touch in on the lives of Celine and Jesse at different points in their lives, Amy Poehler would like to see the “Inside Out” sequels explore main character Riley’s emotions at different stages in her aging. “I just think that they should make these films like ‘Seven Up,’ every couple of years in Riley’s life,” she said in an interview with Empire. “A young adult, and a young mother, and I think a middle-aged person — everyone’s having these very distinct new emotions that are showing up all the time.” Speaking to IndieWire last month for a sneak peek of “Inside Out 2,” the film’s director Kelsey Mann echoed that idea of “new emotions showing up” being central to how he looked at this new chapter. “I hated everyone looking at me,... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire How An Unassuming Lucasfilm Employee Ended Up Playing Jedi Aayla Secura In Star Wars "Star Wars" is very unique even in and amongst other major franchises. One thing that stands out is that even minor characters with mere seconds of screen time can achieve some form of infamy in the greater pop culture consciousness. Boba Fett, played by actor Jeremy Bulloch, remains the best example of this. But Amy Allen experienced her own version of this phenomenon when she played the Twi'lek Jedi Master Aayla Secura in George Lucas' prequel trilogy. Aayla appeared in both "Attack of the Clones" and "Revenge of the Sith," though she traces her roots back to the pages of the "Star Wars" comics published by Dark Horse in the early 2000s, having appeared on the cover of "Star Wars" #33 in 2001 as part of the "Darkness" arc, for example. So, how did Allen come to bring the Jedi to life on the big screen? The actress explained to Tatooine Times... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Ryan Scott Slash Film Susan Backlinie, Who Played the First Shark Attack Victim in ‘Jaws,’ Dies at 77 Susan Backlinie, who played the first shark attack victim in Steven Spielberg’s “Jaws,” has died. She was 77. Backlinie died Saturday morning at her California home due to a heart attack, Convention All Stars owner Sean Clark confirmed to Variety. The former actor and stuntwoman was one of the company’s clients. Backlinie was best known for her role as Chrissie Watkins in “Jaws,” who is dragged to her death by a killer shark in the 1975 film’s iconic opening scene. Backlinie specialized in swimming work as a stunt performer. Contrary to widespread belief, Backlinie’s screams of anguish in the “Jaws” opening scene were not due to her being injured by the harness that jerked her back and forth. However, no one warned Backlinie when she would be pulled underwater in order to get a genuine reaction from her. Variety‘s “Jaws” review said of the shark attack sequences:... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Selena Kuznikov and Michaela Zee Variety - Film News ‘The Idea of You’ Author Robinne Lee on Anne Hathaway’s ‘Rocky’ Moment and How She Aims to Inspire Black Women Authors Back in 2017, Robinne Lee dropped by a local L.A. news station for an interview promoting her role in “Fifty Shades Darker,” the second film in the steamy series based on books by E.L. James. “You’re venturing out a little bit now with a new novel…” the Kcal anchor said to Lee, whose filmography already included “Deliver Us From Eva,” “Hitch” and “13 Going on 30,” teeing the actor up to mention her career pivot. “I have a novel coming out this spring called ‘The Idea of You,’” Lee replied, grinning. The premise was unique: A divorced mother and art gallery owner, living in L.A. on the precipice of turning 40, takes her daughter to a concert meet-and-greet and the 20-year-old lead singer of the band falls in love with her. The story, Lee explained, was “as much about a love story complicated by celebrity and the underbelly of... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Angelique Jackson and Michaela Zee Variety - Film News The Firehose Scene In Stephen King's Carrie Caused A Serious, Real-Life Injury "Carrie" is the book that put Stephen King on the map. When King wrote it, he was struggling financially, eking out a living selling short stories and teaching high school. Then he sat down to write what was first a short story that turned into a novella that turned into a novel. The novel was "Carrie," the story of a bullied teenage girl with telekinesis. The book wasn't a blockbuster when it was published in hardcover, but by the time it hit paperback, it flew off the shelves and King was on his way to becoming one of the best-selling novelists of all time. Sure enough, Hollywood came calling. The book was published in 1974, and by 1976, Brian De Palma's dreamy film adaptation arrived in theaters, starring Sissy Spacek as poor, doomed Carrie White, a girl who is tormented by pretty much everyone, including her Bible-loving mother (played by Piper Laurie) and her classmates. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Chris Evangelista Slash Film Voltage Pictures launching Cannes sales on racing drama ‘Faster’ (exclusive) Voltage Pictures launches Cannes sales this week on the motor racing drama Faster, which is currently shooting in France. Radar Films’ Clément Miserez and Matthieu Wart are producing the project, which is called Rapide in France, where Universal has targeted a February 2025 theatrical release. Morgan S. Dalibert, whose credits include Aka, directs the story starring French influencer Paola Locatelli from Netflix’s Dangerous Liaisons as Max, a speed freak who loves karting and dreams of winning the Formula 1 championship. Conquering every junior competition, at the age of 17 she realises the professional racing world remains a fortress, reluctant to welcome a... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily Doctor Who's First Musical Episode Should've Taken A Cue From Buffy The Vampire Slayer The new "Doctor Who" season's second installment, "The Devil's Chord," is the closest the show's come to a proper musical episode. Sure, there was that brief musical number in the latest Christmas episode, and that one song-based resolution in season 7, but we've never seen the show embrace the music quite like this one. There are multiple original numbers, including a battle where the villain's using floating notations like a cowboy swinging a lasso around. It's fun when "Doctor Who" goes full weird, and this episode is an exciting promise of more musical weirdness to come. But judging the episode by proper musical standards, how does it hold up? Well, not great. There's the problem that "There's Always a Twist At the End" is the only genuine catchy banger in the bunch, but more importantly, we never really got to hear the Doctor and Ruby sing about anything that matters. Sure,... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Michael Boyle Slash Film Steven Spielberg's Biggest Minority Report Inspiration Had Nothing To Do With Sci-Fi Steven Spielberg's filmmaking techniques took a large bound forward in 2001 with the release of "A.I. Artificial Intelligence." The sci-fi film, set in a near future populated by conscious androids, was a project Spielberg took over from an ailing Stanley Kubrick, who passed on it when he felt Spielberg could do it better. In "A.I.," Spielberg's photography and editing were very different from the slick, adventure films and glossy prestige pictures he had become popular making. Now everything was hazy, staid, more deliberate.  Although he had already won three Oscars (two for "Schindler's List" and one for "Saving Private Ryan") and was widely considered to be a reigning master of Hollywood's blockbuster class, Spielberg evolved. After 2001, Spielberg's career bifurcated into dispassionate effects-based thrillers wherein the filmmaker was merely experimenting, and deeply passionate political thrillers that used the politics of the past to reflect on issues of the day. The official... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Justin Lin Believes Cultural Labels Can Hurt Careers: ‘I Do Think There Are Restrictions’ Nowadays, when people hear the name Justin Lin, they think big-time Hollywood director with installments in both the “Star Trek” reboot film series and the “Fast & Furious” franchise. But back in 2002, he was just an indie filmmaker with one little-known feature under his belt and not much credit to his name. That all changed with one film, his 2002 Sundance breakout, “Better Luck Tomorrow,” which he also edited, co-wrote, and co-produced with the help of Mr. “Can’t Touch This” himself, Mc Hammer. The film chronicles a group of young Asians in America who start as overachievers but quickly turn to a life of crime and violence. Though not based on a real story, Lin was influenced by the violence he saw in his 20s, such as the Columbine shootings and more directly the murder of Stuart Tay. Speaking in a retrospective interview on the film with IGN, Lin said of the film’s success,... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire Jennifer Lawrence Slams Mike Pence at GLAAD Media Awards: ‘Conversion Therapy Isn’t Real,’ Even Though ‘You Think It Worked on You’ Ross Matthews wasn’t three words into his opening monologue at the 35th annual GLAAD Awards in New York City Saturday evening when a protester stood up from the audience to shout, “GLAAD is complicit in genocide.” The lone pro-Palestine advocate, blanketed by a wide-eyed room who let out a few jeers — “Who are you, you weirdo?” one donor shouted — was slowly, if not ceremoniously escorted from the room before she gave a final jab: “And so are all of you.” “Thank you for your free speech. I’m so glad you have freedom,” Matthews, the evening’s host, said from the stage in an awkward attempt to recognize the protester. “Well, that was uncomfy for all of us, but we have to fight for everyone’s rights. Thank you for my opener,” he moved on, back on his feet. And so set the tone for the evening. Each year in a star-studded ceremony,... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Michael Appler Variety - Film News Lucy Liu Honored at Gold House Gala: ‘You Have Made Me Feel Proud. I Feel Like It’s Been Very Lonely’ Lucy Liu was honored with the Legend award at the third annual Gold House Gold Gala on Saturday in Los Angeles. Liu delivered a passionate speech after accepting the award from Regina King. “What I love about Regina is that she always makes choices that are for her,” Liu told the audience. “When I started over 30 years ago, there weren’t a lot of choices that I could make for myself.” Liu — whose credits include “Ally McBeal,” “Elementary,” “Kill Bill Vol. 1,” “Charlie’s Angels” and Steven Soderbergh’s “Presence” — talked about having to make casting decisions “because of limitations.” She said, “I love that we are all here tonight because there is no ceiling, and I’ve never seen that for myself. I want us to all collectively understand how special this moment is that we are together as a community. I share this award with you because you have lifted me up,... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Jazz Tangcay Variety - Film News ‘Kingdom of the Planet Apes’ Is Not Enough to Achieve a $100 Million Box-Office Weekend “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” (Disney) opened to $56.5 million, slightly above pre-opening projections, which is encouraging after “The Fall Guy” (Universal) last week. That’s a relief to theaters that hope summer releases meet their potential and buffer what is expected to be a major drop in revenues versus last year. 20th Century Fox released “Planet of the Apes” in 1968. For an old franchise, this is one that still has plenty of life: The “Kingdom” opening matched the last “Apes” installment in 2017 (albeit when tickets cost 15 percent less). Speaking of old franchises, it also beat the $55 million opening of the 2021 Bond entry “No Time to Die.” Disappointing B Cinemascore aside, “Kingdom” seems poised for a solid run. The opening for “Kingdom” doubled that of “The Fall Guy;” that differential happens to reflect the difference in the films’ production budgets. “Apes” took in an initial $129 million worldwide. “The Fall Guy... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Tom Brueggemann Indiewire Summer TV Preview: Over 35 Series Must-See Series To Watch The summer TV series is here, and some of it has already commenced. Yes, some of these shows have aired already, but given most of them will be playing throughout the next few months—given the binge model seems to be going away on most channels, networks, and streamers other than Netflix—it looks more than ok to join them mid-airing. It should be said that summer previews are weird in that many streamers, networks, and cable channels do not reveal their entire lineups until maybe a month or two before release. Continue reading Summer TV Preview: Over 35 Series Must-See Series To Watch at The Playlist. See full article at The Playlist 5/12/2024 by Rodrigo Perez The Playlist The Marvels' Monica Rambeau Character Explained One of the best running gags in "The Marvels" involves Monica Rambeau (Teyonah Parris) and the search for a perfect superhero name. Despite a fair amount of enthusiasm from Kamala Khan (Iman Vellani), whose own alter ego was not-so-subtly inspired by her obsession with Captain Marvel (Brie Larson), Monica is seemingly uninterested in that particular hero perk. By the end of "The Marvels," she's still just Monica Rambeau — despite powering up in a major way, saving the universe from an errant wormhole, and ending up in an entirely new timeline. Monica's arc across the Marvel Cinematic Universe is pretty different from her peers, but it largely works to her benefit. In the comics, Monica is a superhero who's burned through a number of superhero nicknames. She's been called Photon, Spectrum, and even Captain Marvel throughout her tenure on the page — and her ever-changing role in the comics seems to have... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Lyvie Scott Slash Film The Most Confusing Parts Of David Lynch's Blue Velvet, Explained This post contains spoilers for "Blue Velvet." David Lynch's cinematic world tiptoes between stark reality and nightmarish dreams, where quaint, perfect lives and locales often hide Boschian hells. While some Lynchian small towns are infused with poetic romanticism despite harboring great evils (such as Twin Peaks), others, like Lumberton, weave an insincere facade with its aura of suburban bliss: a sentiment that forms the crux of Lynch's sensational, oft-misunderstood "Blue Velvet." Most of Lynch's work defies objective analysis, as the foundational ideas he embeds into his stories feel abstract and elusive, but are always tethered to reality in essential and terrifying ways. Although "Blue Velvet" helms one of the most straightforward narratives in Lynch's oeuvre — it is neither as labyrinthine nor heady as "Inland Empire" or "Mulholland Drive" — the film's graphic depictions of psychosexual impulses tend to confuse and alienate, with the merging of the real and the... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Debopriyaa Dutta Slash Film Anya Taylor-Joy Looks Back on the Wasteland and Her First Time Viewing ‘Furiosa’: ‘I Found it Very Traumatizing to Watch’ The wasteland can be a brutal place. Diegetically within the world of George Miller’s “Mad Max” film series and physically for the actors who have to inhabit it. Speaking with Variety for an interview on her upcoming role in “Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga,” star of the much-hyped prequel Anya Taylor-Joy discussed the challenges of taking on this role and how leaning into it was the only way through it. “I had the earliest call time of my life: 1:45 a.m.,” Taylor-Joy said. “I’d be like, ‘I just wrapped! What do you mean?! It’s a mistake!’” Part of that early call time involved Taylor-Joy getting into makeup, a process that required she be covered head-to-toe in the sand and sweat of Miller’s world. “You will not believe how dirty I had to be for it to read on camera,” she said to Variety. “The first... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire Ron Howard Remembers Roger Corman’s Mentorship and Impact on Filmmaking: ‘What a Life’ Roger Corman, who died Saturday at 98, was famously involved with many of the greats of filmmaking at the start of their careers. In the case of Ron Howard, he helped the young actor transition from being a child star into a versatile director, giving him his first directing job with the action comedy “Grand Theft Auto” in 1977. Howard noted that Corman was also known for giving women more opportunities than they typically had in the film industry at that time, including Penelope Spheeris and Gale Ann Hurd. Howard paid tribute to Corman Sunday morning in a heartfelt message, writing, “Roger not only mentored a couple of generations of high profile filmmakers, but he also opened doors to many on the production side who were struggling to find career paths in the industry. When I was working for Roger, he had far more women in positions of authority throughout his company... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Pat Saperstein Variety - Film News One Of Star Trek's First Deaths In The Original Series Had William Shatner Cracking Up In the "Star Trek" episode "The Deadly Years", an away team beams down to the planet Gamma Hydra IV to investigate a seemingly disused research station. They find several people who have died of old age and a 60-something couple who claim to be in their 20s. The away team returns to the Enterprise, not knowing they have contracted a kind of radiation sickness that causes accelerated aging. Kirk (William Shatner) begins going gray, while Dr. McCoy (DeForest Kelley) and Scotty (James Doohan) quickly develop wrinkled, craggy faces. Hit hardest is Lieutenant Galway (Beverly Washburn), a science officer not previously seen on the show. She ages the most rapidly, moving from her early 20s to her late 90s in a day. Before the end of the episode, Galway will have died of old age. Washburn was interviewed by StarTrek.com back in 2013, and she remembered shooting "The Deadly Years" quite well. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Maya Rudolph Delivers the ‘Mother’ of All ‘SNL’ Monologues with Drag Ball Themed Extravaganza For her third round of hosting duties on “Saturday Night Live,” “Mother” Maya Rudolph did not disappoint. Having been a cast member from 2000 to 2007, Rudolph is well acquainted with that 30 Rock stage, and has played a litany of memorable characters. In honor of Mother’s Day, current “SNL” cast-mates Sarah Sherman and Bowen Yang joined Rudolph onstage to honor her legacy and declare her a true “Moth-errr”. “You’re a 30 Rock legend,” Sherman said. “You’ve had your foot on our necks since Y2K.” Rudolph was disbelieving of this praise at first, but Yang quickly interjected to second Sherman’s claim. “You were the first to slay the house down boots queen!” he exclaimed to Rudolph. “You have achieved extra-terrestrial mother status!” said Sherman. “Me? Mother?” questioned Rudolph. “You’re right.” Cue a pumpin’ beat and Kenan Thompson in a Law Roach-inspired wig, holding a tiny purse in one... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire Doha Film Institute Qumra Special 2024 Browse Screen’s Qumra special edition, which looks back on the 2024 edition of the Doha Film Institute’s (Dfi) incubator event that took place from March 1-6. The issue profiles the event’s six masterclasses delivered by the likes of Toni Collette, Jim Sheridan and Claire Denis, and rounds up the festival hits supported by the Dfi. Click here to read the digital edition... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily Robert Downey Jr. Invented A Whole 'Language' For Summoning Iron Man's Suit In Jon Favreau's 2008 superhero film "Iron Man," Tony Stark spends a large portion of the movie inventing and building a high-tech, skintight suit of armor that is equipped with rocket boosters, missiles, and automated servos that increase Tony's physical strength. In order to put the suit on, Tony required an additional, assembly-line-like machine that sealed the various pieces of the armor around his body. In the many "Iron Man" sequels that followed, however, the process of getting in and out of the suit became quicker and more streamlined. In one film, Tony thrusts his fists into a briefcase, and his suit stretches and assembles around him. Later, the "assembly line" process is so swift that Tony can remove his suit without having to stop walking. Eventually -- and perhaps boringly -- the suit became a sort of liquid metal like in "Terminator 2," shlorping around Tony almost instantly. In... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Box Office: ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Climbs to No. 1 With $56 Million Debut Primates ruled over the North American box office, as “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” collected $56.5 million in its first weekend of release. Those ticket sales were a hair above early projections of $50 million to $55 million and were easily enough to tower over the nonexistent competition. “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” opened roughly even with two of the three prior installments in the rebooted franchise, landing behind only 2014’s “Dawn of the Planet of the Apes” (a series-best $72 million) and ahead of 2017’s “War for the Planet of the Apes” ($56.2 million) and 2011’s “Rise of the Planet of the Apes” ($54.8 million). “The weekend figure is roughly average for the genre, but average here is based on the biggest action films of all time,” says David A. Gross of movie consulting firm Franchise Entertainment Research. “This is an excellent opening.” An opening that’s in line with projections is great and all,... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Rebecca Rubin Variety - Film News How The Sci-Fi Series Farscape Set Out To Do The Opposite Of Star Trek A handsome American ends up stranded on an alien ship, manned by an unusual alien crew, where he falls in love with its resident warrior woman. It's not "Guardians of the Galaxy," it's "Farscape," the Australian-American sci-fi series! The series was created by Rockne S. O'Bannon and Brian Henson with alien designs courtesy of the Jim Henson Company, including several puppets that served as central characters. "Farscape" is funny, campy, and weird as hell, setting it apart from not only its television contemporaries but all other sci-fi shows. "Farscape" ran for four seasons from 1999-2003, and while it wasn't as popular as some of the other big sci-fi shows, it has a devoted cult following that really loves it.  In a retrospective for the show's 25th anniversary at IGN, Henson shared his inspiration for the show and what he and O'Bannon were trying to do with "Farscape." With its wacky... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Danielle Ryan Slash Film A Tribute to Alfred Hitchcock’s Many Mothers There’s a story Alfred Hitchcock always liked to tell about how, when he was five years old, his father dropped him off at the local police station near his home in East London. William Hitchcock left a note for the coppers explaining that his son had been misbehaving. A policeman locked young Alfred in a cell for a few minutes and explained, “This is what we do to naughty boys.” When Hitchcock recounted that story to Dick Cavett he was in his 70s, but the incident continued to leave a profound mark on the director. He said he was still “terrified of the police” because of that and drew a connection from that to the feelings of guilt and wrong-men-on-the-run paranoia that seeps into so many of his films. The funny thing is, though, father characters are almost entirely absent from Hitchcock’s work. There are a few: Cedric Hardwicke... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Christian Blauvelt Indiewire Roger Corman, Legendary B-Movie Producer And Director, Has Died At 98 Roger Corman, the B-movie legend who helped launch the careers of Martin Scorsese, James Cameron, and Francis Ford Coppola, among many others, has passed away at the age of 98. His family told Variety that he died on Thursday, May 9, at his home in Santa Monica, surrounded by his loved ones. The family also released this statement: "His films were revolutionary and iconoclastic, and captured the spirit of an age. When asked how he would like to be remembered, he said, 'I was a filmmaker, just that.'" It's no exaggeration to say that Hollywood wouldn't be the same without Roger Corman. In a career that spanned half a century and hundreds of films, he directed and/or produced B-movie hits and cult classics like "House of Usher," "The Little Shop of Horrors," "Death Race 2000," and "Attack of the Crab Monsters" (not to mention a famously unreleased "Fantastic Four" movie... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Hannah Shaw-Williams Slash Film These Bones Storylines Were A 'Nightmare' For The Showrunners To Figure Out Serialized storylines are, naturally, tricky for shows that are, by design, inherently episodic. When "House" devoted a large chunk of its third season to the relentless Detective Michael Tritter (David Morse) trying to get back at Hugh Laurie's misanthropic diagnostician for humiliating him, the series' writers were banking on viewers not losing interest before the pair's conflict had concluded. As one of those viewers, let me tell you: It's a good thing they didn't push their luck any further than they did, even if pitting House against a cop was about as effective a way as any to get us to overlook the former's many, many blatantly unethical indiscretions and root for him to outwit this wannabe Moriarty to his Sherlock. "Bones," like "House," was primarily episodic, with its namesake, Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel), and her other half, FBI agent Seeley Booth (David Boreanaz), typically wrapping up a... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Sandy Schaefer Slash Film The 10 Most Villainous Characters In Star Wars, Ranked "Star Wars" has one of the biggest worlds in fiction, a vast universe with extensive mythology, a sense of history, locations that feel tangible, and characters that come across as real, living beings. This last bit is important, because "Star Wars" has given plenty of memorable characters, where even small players can turn out to have galaxy-changing importance. Then there are the villains, of which "Star Wars" has plenty, including some of the most memorable villains in cinema history, with their own stories worth exploring. But while we all know the menacing man-turned-machine Darth Vader or the devil-looking Maul, are they really the worst villains in the franchise? As "Star Wars" has evolved and grown over the years, its villains have become less flashy and more, well, evil. That's why we're ranking the most evil and villainous characters in George Lucas' galaxy far, far away. As a note, this list... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Rafael Motamayor Slash Film ‘Sonic Isn’t Actually a Hedgehog’: How ‘Smiling Friends’ Looked to ’90s Video Games to Create Its Weirdest Character Yet From cancelled celebrity frogs to heartbroken shrimp, the vast “Smiling Friends” universe is home to a lot of strange side characters. But co-creators Michael Cusack and Zach Hadel took things to another level for the Season 2 premiere of their Adult Swim series. The episode, which sports the concise title “Gwimbly: Definitive Remastered Enhanced Extended Edition Dx 4K (Anniversary Director’s Cut),” follows the eponymous Smiling Friends as they attempt to cheer up Gwimbly, a beloved ’90s video game character who is unable to star in new games because the evil corporation known as Insane Groundbreaking Games refuses to grant him access to his own I.P. The episode, which was previewed for fans last month after the network’s puppet-filled April Fool’s prank, is a classic “Smiling Friends” adventure that sees the gang rescue Gwimbly from his sad life of making undignified Cameo videos and help him produce his own independent game. See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Christian Zilko Indiewire The One Thing Star Trek's George Takei Really Wanted For Sulu But Never Got In the original "Star Trek," only three actors were credited at the start of the show: William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, and DeForest Kelley. For many watching the series -- and for the actors especially -- those three were the leads, while the rest of the recurring ensemble were mere supporting players. Shatner, Nimoy, and Kelley certainly had the most screen time on "Star Trek," yet they often advocated for more. Eventually, Shatner and Nimoy became such whiny spotlight hogs that show creator Gene Roddenberry had to write an angry letter, demanding the actors stop whining and get back to work. Trekkies, however, knew better than Shatner and Nimoy. "Star Trek" was always an ensemble piece about a core cast of multiple characters. In addition to the three "leads," the show also regularly featured chief engineer Scott/Scotty (James Doohan), communications officer Uhura (Nichelle Nichols), Ensign Chekov (Walter Koenig), Yeoman Rand... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Keeping Footprints Out Of Frame In Dune Was A Living 'Nightmare' For The Crew Even if you weren't that big a fan of the bleak blockbuster that was "Dune: Part Two" or the equally bleak whisper-shout fest that was its 2021 predecessor "Dune," you've got to admire the artistry involved. If you take even a brief look at the effort that went into it, conceiving and creating the planet Arrakis was nothing short of an ordeal. Director Denis Villeneuve wasn't going to let "Dune" or its sequel become yet another generic CGI-laden blockbuster affair. Instead, he wanted to convey a real sense of texture and reality, even while bringing to life such fantastical source matter as Frank Herbert's 1965 novel. There's a reason the visual effects team won an Oscar for the first "Dune." Not only did they manage to convincingly create scale, but they also managed to achieve Villeneuve's aim of making the film feel authentic despite the sheer amount of digital and practical effects work involved. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Joe Roberts Slash Film Why Thor Was One Of The Most 'Daunting' Marvel Roles To Cast Marvel hasn't been having the best time of late and the shaky attempt to recapture lightning in a bottle that was "Thor: Love and Thunder" is a good example. Whereas its predecessor, "Thor: Ragnarok," saw star Chris Hemsworth leaning into his comedic sensibilities to great effect, even Hemsworth himself agreed that "Love and Thunder" was just too silly. But when the God of Thunder made his Marvel Cinematic Universe debut all the way back in 2011, the opposite was true. Whereas "Iron Man," the film that changed Hollywood forever by kicking off the massively popular interconnected universe, was led by Robert Downey Jr. and his magnetic charisma, 2011's "Thor" was a darker affair that embraced the character's origins and delivered what was essentially a fantasy adventure with relative unknowns in the lead roles of Thor and Loki. In the late-aughts, Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston did not enjoy the superstar status they do today,... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Joe Roberts Slash Film Roger Corman, indie pioneer and B-movie godfather, dies aged 98 Roger Corman, a pioneer of low-cost independent filmmaking and the godfather of B-movies who produced hundreds of genre films in a career spanning eight decades, has died. He was 98. During a prolific career that started in the 1950s and encompassed all genre, Corman directed the 1960 original The Little Shop Of Horrors – reportedly shot in two days – as well as The Man With The X-Ray Eyes, The Trip, The Wasp Woman, The Masque Of The Red Death, House Of Usher, and The Raven – the last three counting among a number of Edgar Allan Poe adaptations. Dubbed ’the Pope of Pop Cinema... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily 11 Things About The Predator Series That Make No Sense Although never named in any entries of the franchise, the deadly aliens in the "Predator" series are a species called the Yautja (pronounced "Yah-oot-Cha"). The films themselves do little to explain where they come from and what their civilization might be like. What little we know is based on seeing a few of them as intergalactic big-game trophy hunters, but is this true of their entire society? Is their civilization centered around the hunt? Or are the Predators we've seen pariahs, the Yautja equivalent to big-game trophy hunters like Walter Palmer, widely criticized for his participation in the controversial killing of both Cecil the lion and a protected ram in Mongolia? In 2010's "Predators," Royce (Adrien Brody) quotes Hemingway, "Certainly there is no hunting like the hunting of man and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never really care for anything else thereafter." Like us,... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Maurice Molyneaux Slash Film 2024 film festivals and markets calendar: latest dates Screen is running this regularly updated page with the latest film festival and market dates from across the world. To submit details of or alter your festival dates, please contact us here with the name, dates, country and website for the event. Screen is also running a calendar for UK-Ireland film release dates here. Ongoing JFilm Festival, US - May 2-12 UK Asian Film Festival, UK - May 2-12 Seattle International Film Festival, US - May 9-19 Los Angeles International Children’s Film Festival Part 2, US - May 11-26 May Cannes Film Festival, France - May 14-25 Marche Du Film,... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 by Ben Dalton ScreenDaily 50 more IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/originals/?ref_=nv_sf_ori
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app IMDb ORIGINALS HOME Originals Watch exclusive interviews of your favorite stars, catch up on the latest movies and shows, and discover your next viewing obsession. Clip 4:20 How 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Made the Apes Feel Real Clip 1:01 5 Movies That Blend Live-Action and Animation Clip 3:58 Fan Questions with "Doctor Who" Clip 6:32 Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Talk Stunts and Spicy Margs Clip 4:32 Zendaya, Mike Faist and Josh O'Connor Dissect the Motives in 'Challengers' Clip 4:35 Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers Clip 3:23 Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder Talk Mushrooms, Stand-Up, and "Hacks" Season 3 Clip 5:41 Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' Clip 3:18 Lilly Singh Talks New Movie, Early YouTube Days, and MCU Star Iman Vellani Clip 2:59 How Did Dev Patel Break His Hand Filming 'Monkey Man'? Clip 1:05 5 Video Game Adaptations to Watch in 2024 Clip 4:20 The Cast of 'Abigail' Test Their Vampire IQ Clip 3:42 The Rise of Zendaya Clip 5:54 Why "Fallout" Needs a Second Season Clip 3:51 "The Spiderwick Chronicles" Cast Play Who's Most Likely? Clip 1:20 Swifties in Film and TV Clip 3:55 Alex Garland's 'Civil War' Is "Old-Fashioned Journalism" Clip 4:17 Why Walton Goggins Sweat Out of His Eyes for "Fallout" Clip 4:47 Burning Questions With Nell Tiger Free Clip 2:39 Why Andrew Scott Was Relieved by Steven Zaillian's Perspective in "Ripley" Clip 1:49 All About 'Beetlejuice 2' Movie and TV Picks From IMDb Actors' Careers Over the Years Interviews With Cast and Filmmakers You Ask, the Stars Answer We Quiz Stars on Their IMDb Pages Celebs Answer Our Burning Questions More to Explore All Events Awards Central Best Of Family Entertainment Guide Festival Central IMDb Originals IMDb Picks IMDb STARmeter Awards IMDb Spotlight India Spotlight San Diego Comic-Con Scary Good Star Wars Superheroes Video Games What's on TV Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/news/celebrity/?ref_=nv_cel_nw
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Celebrity News Aida Rodriguez: Unpacking My Childhood Traumas Through Comedy Is Cathartic Aida Rodriguez is a Puerto Rican and Dominican comedian, actor, and writer. In 2019, she had her own half-hour special on Netflix's hit comedy series "They Ready," executive-produced by Tiffany Haddish and Wanda Sykes. In November 2021, she released her first-hour stand-up special "Fighting Words," which premiered on Max, and in October 2023, Rodriguez released her memoir "Legitimate Kid." For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. I've always viewed comedy as a coping mechanism for people who are in lower economic situations or just dealing with very hard circumstances. In the words of Kevin Hart: "Laugh at my pain." My upbringing was no different. I didn't really engage in comedy as much when I was younger because I was a very shy and timid kid. But humor was always around me,... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Aida Rodriguez Popsugar.com How Erik Rivera Uses Comedy to Heal and Help Others For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. Erik Rivera's life is good. Joining our Zoom session from his Los Angeles home, the writer, actor, and comedian is all smiles beneath a worn baseball cap. Maybe it's that sunny weather Angelinos are always bragging about. Or maybe it's the fact that he's worked hard to achieve what he has now: a respectable career, a stable marriage, and two wonderful boys. Either way, the contrast between where he once was and his current status isn't lost on him, even if it is lost on his kids. "My kids have no idea how good they have it," the comic says with a laugh. Growing up as the child of a Puerto Rican father and Guatemalan mother in New Rochelle,... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Ian Lara: Comedy Gave Me the Strength to Overcome My Mother's Death Ian Lara is a Dominican American stand-up comedian from Queens, NY, who found internet success after his appearance on "Comedy Central Stand-Up Featuring," which has garnered over 10 million views. Lara was a regular on "This Week at the Comedy Cellar" on Comedy Central and was featured in "Bring the Funny" on NBC. He made his late-night television debut on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" in 2019, and in 2020, Lara performed his first 30-minute special for HBO Latino's "Entre Nos: LA Meets NY." In 2022, Lara's half-hour special on Comedy Central, "Growing Shame," aired in February, and his HBO special, "Ian Lara: Romantic Comedy," was released in November on HBO Max. For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. "El que anda corriendo llega cansado." That's a famous Dominican... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Ian Lara Popsugar.com Sasha Merci: How Comedy Has Helped Me Navigate Depression For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. One of the things I love about comedy is how it fuses my personality with my purpose. I was diagnosed with depression when I was 14 years old, a time when I began comparing my life to that of my high school peers and quickly noticed the differences. At the time, most of my peers had never experienced significant loss like I had. While they were preoccupied with clothes, gossip, and pop culture, I was grappling with thoughts of death. This numbness to ordinary concerns led me into a deep existential crisis. My struggle with depression was triggered early on by the loss of several family members, including my mother and my grandmother. Processing these losses took years of therapy. See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Sasha Merci Popsugar.com Gina Brillon: The Loss of My Grandmother Pushed Me to Pursue Comedy Gina Brillon is a Puerto Rican actress, stand-up comedian, writer, and mom born and raised in the Bronx. In 2012, she became the first and only Latina winner of NBC's Stand Up for Diversity Showcase. She went on to release comedy specials on NuvoTV, HBO, and Amazon Prime. She has appeared on "The View," "Late Night With Seth Meyers," and "Jimmy Kimmel Live," and was the first Latina comedian to be a finalist in season 16 of "America's Got Talent." For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. We don't talk enough about the healing powers of humor. The old saying, "laughter is the best medicine," as cliché as it may be, actually has a lot of truth to it. I learned about the power of laughter at a relatively young age. See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Gina Brillon Popsugar.com Fabrizio Copano Is Using Comedy to Address Political Wounds For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. Fabrizio Copano, a rising star in the world of stand-up comedy, isn't your typical Latine comic. His journey, shaped by his Chilean upbringing under a pos-dictatorship and his subsequent disillusionment with the American Dream, fuels a unique comedic perspective that tackles serious political and cultural themes. Copano's early life in Chile was marked by the tail-end of political turmoil. Growing up, he witnessed firsthand the harsh repercussions of Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship, a period characterized by repression, human rights abuses, and a stifling political climate. This experience undoubtedly contrasts the idealized image of the US he received through the media. "Chile is very Americanized in certain ways, and we look up [to] the US," Copano says. "The culture shock was... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Kimmy Dole Popsugar.com How the "Lo Que Pasa en Casa" Mentality Held Me Back From My Comedic Voice For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. There's a cultural maxim within Latinidad that's always left me a bit unsettled: "Lo que pasa en casa se queda en casa." It means what happens at home stays at home - aka loyalty above everything. Growing up in a subjectively funny family taught me invaluable lessons about the power of humor and its role as a survival tool, especially during challenging times. In my Ecuadorian immigrant family, our main coping mechanism was finding solace in humor amid chaos. But there was always a boundary, an invisible line to how far we could share drawn by the "lo que pasa en la casa" mentality - the notion that certain things should never leave the confines of our home. It... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Katherine G. Mendoza Popsugar.com Willow Smith Used Meditation and Workouts to Fuel the Creativity on "Empathogen" Willow Smith's "b i g f e e l i n g s" is the final song on her new album, "empathogen." And, according to Smith, it's "the most complex piece of music I've created in my entire career." "Hopefully not the last - definitely not the last," she qualifies. "But this one is pretty awesome." The entire record - the 24-year-old's sixth solo studio album - represents a sonic departure. Ahead of its release on May 3, Smith was a little nervous about putting it out into the world. But mostly, she was energized. "I'm a risk-taker, what can I say?" "This whole album is different from anything I've done, and I'm just so excited for people to hear it," she says. "You always take a little bit of a risk, but I'm a risk-taker, what can I say?" Indeed, Smith has made a name for herself throughout her... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/2/2024 by Lena Felton Popsugar.com Nicki Nicole Says Rap Music Helped Her Get Out of Her Shell It's a drizzly Thursday afternoon in New York City, and Nicki Nicole has spent most of her day answering back-to-back interview questions from journalists. For someone who just concluded a tour between Latin America and Europe, not to mention nine sold-out shows at the Movistar Arena in Buenos Aires, where more than 100,000 fans were in attendance, you'd think she was ready to slow down. But hours before our conversation, she announced that her first US headlining tour would kick off next month in Mexico City. You can see the tunnel vision in her green eyes. Her fans, who have been by her side since day one, are what motivate her to keep going. The 23-year-old budding singer, rapper, and songwriter has cemented a name for herself in her native country of Argentina. Nicole Cucco prides herself on never sticking to just one genre when creating music; it helped define her... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/29/2024 by Brenda Barrientos Popsugar.com Revisiting Jennifer Lopez’s 2011 Album “Love?” and What It Signifies Today As the anniversary of Jennifer Lopez's sixth studio album "Love?" approaches, it's a fitting time to reflect on this album's significance within J Lo's career, its impact on fans, and its continued relevance in light of her recent endeavors. Released on April 29, 2011, "Love?" came at a time when Lopez was already a multifaceted force in entertainment. Music, film, and fashion-she'd conquered them all. Yet, "Love?" transcended mere career markers. It delved into love, a theme central to Lopez's personal narrative. This wasn't just an album; it was a declaration. Through "Love?" Lopez explored her own quest for love and fulfillment. The title track, "(What Is) Love?" beautifully captures this yearning. Lopez laid bare her vulnerabilities through her music, creating an emotional connection with her audience. Take the poignant question - "Is this just a dream / Is this what it seems?" - which echoes a longing for validation, her desire to be someone's girlfriend,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/29/2024 by Kimmy Dole Popsugar.com Thalia's "A Mucha Honra" Album Is a Love Letter to Música Mexicana Throughout her illustrious career, Thalia has proudly represented Mexican culture through her music, iconic looks, and unforgettable performances. With música Mexicana going global, the Mexican pop icon is tapping into the sounds of her roots through her new album "A Mucha Honra," where she pays homage to the music of her country while embracing the new wave of corridos. "This album is called 'A Mucha Honra' because, as a Mexican, it makes me so excited to sing this music," she tells Ps. "It's in my DNA. I feel like with everything happening now with our music on a global level, it's made us so proud. This is a celebration of our music and Mexican culture." Thalia's career spans five decades since she entered the scene in the '80s as a member of the Mexican children's group Timbiriche. In the '90s, she launched her solo career, which took her worldwide,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/26/2024 by Lucas Villa Popsugar.com Julio Torres's "Problemista" Shows the US Immigration System Is a Relentless Maze We live in a society that insists if you work hard, you can probably achieve the goals you've set for yourself. But "Problemista," the first feature film by writer and comedian Julio Torres, which is now in theaters worldwide, poses the question: is working hard always enough? Loosely based off of Torres's own immigration experience, the film follows Alejandro, an aspiring toy designer from El Salvador struggling to make his dream a reality in New York City who loses his job and desperately needs to secure a sponsor to stay in the States. Even after taking a freelance assistant gig with an erratic art critic named Elizabeth (played by Tilda Swinton), Alejandro (played by Torres) finds himself in one of the most relentless and nightmarish mazes of American bureaucracy - the US immigration system. "I think that I've always been fascinated with how soulless and how isolating bureaucracy can be,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/24/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Chuwi Is the Voice of a New Puerto Rican Generation With a bassy voice and over a minimalist syncopated beat, Wilfredo "Willy" Aldarondo sings of lament. "The love of my life left for New York / my mom followed my aunt, to Florida they went/packing my bags, it's my turn now / the plane landed, and no one clapped." These are the opening lines of "Tierra," the leading single off the Puerto Rican band Chuwi's newest EP of the same title. Founded in 2020 in the northwestern coastal town of Isabela, Chuwi is composed of Willy, his sister Lorén Aldarondo, his brother Wester Aldarondo, and friend Adrián López. Describing the band's sound is a challenge in and of itself. Are they Latin jazz, indie rock, urbano, tropical fusion, or something else altogether? The answer to all of those questions is "yes." Over the past two years, the quartet's popularity has grown among listeners and industry peers. Part of that reason is that... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/23/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Camila Mendes on Why We Need More Latine Representation in Rom-Coms A simple Google search of "the best rom-coms of all time" will take you down a nostalgic hole of '90s and early-'00s movies like "10 Things I Hate About You," "While You Were Sleeping," and "P.S. I Love You." These classics, among many others, have shaped how we view love on screen. But through these films, we've learned what love looks like through white protagonists; many Bipoc communities have failed to see themselves reflected. While we saw Latine actresses like Salma Hayek, Jennifer Lopez, and Christina Milian make their mark early on in romantic comedy movies, for years the entertainment industry has undervalued and underrepresented Latine communities on screen and behind the camera. Camila Mendes is shifting that narrative. You likely recognize her from rom-coms like "Palm Springs," "The Perfect Date," and "The New Romantic" - and she's starring in and serving as an an executive producer for the new rom-com film "Música,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Brenda Barrientos Popsugar.com Saraciea Fennell: "The Black Girl Survives in This One" Is the Representation I Didn't See in Horror Books I've always been obsessed with horror. From childhood, when I bunked with my siblings and primas, we told each other spooky stories in the middle of the night to rock ourselves to sleep. Every evening we would take turns telling stories, and the stories seemed to get scarier and scarier. When it was my night to tell a story to the group, I knew I had to bring the best jump scares. I'd find myself spinning stories until my sisters' and primas' bodies would tense up in fear. I knew then that horror stories were something I could weave. There's something about having fear knotted up in your belly; it's like riding a roller coaster and waiting for the thrill of the drop. Horror has always been a part of my life, so it felt natural for me to work on a book like "The Black Girl Survives in This One. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Saraciea Fennell Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Bodine Talks New Album "Quemo Lento" and Growing From Hardships In the music video for her piano-driven interlude "Bambi," Bodine poses in the middle of a dense forest, artistically garbed in assorted animal bones as she croons over the black and white footage with an ear-catching voice that straddles mezzo and alto ranges. The visual doubled as an announcement video for her sophomore EP, "Quemo Lento," which dropped last month. Still, if anyone got the impression the project would hinge on somber instrumentals, her other tracks quickly proved them wrong. The follow-up singles "No Me Quiere Más Na'" and "Nalgaje" present a saucier and more liberated version of Bodine. But who is the real Bodine? Is it the contemplative, artsy soul hinted at in the first track, or the one who takes pride in homaging vedette Iris Chacón and singing catchy odes to booties? The answer is unsurprising to those who know her - she's both. Born in Amsterdam, Bodine... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Melissa Barrera in "Abigail" Is Proof We Need More Latines in Horror The lack of Latine representation in film today is disappointing when you consider Latines accounted for 29 percent of moviegoers in the States in 2020. And here's a fun fact you probably didn't know: Latines also represent 26 percent of horror movie audiences, compared with 20 percent for other genres, according to a recent survey. Still, there's a marked lack of Latine actors starring in horror films. But Melissa Barrera's career has been challenging that. The horror and suspense queen has starred in several films within the genre in just the past few years, including "Scream," "Scream IV," "Bed Rest," and "Your Monster." Her latest role is as Joey in "Abigail," a gory vampire film released April 19 about a group of criminals assigned to kidnap the 12-year-old daughter of a crooked millionaire. Like a lot of Barrera's roles, Joey isn't your typical in-your-face Latina character. She's a war veteran with a dream to... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Selena Quintanilla Deserves to Be Celebrated This Year - Not Exploited Fifty-three years ago today, the world was blessed with the birth of Selena Quintanilla-Pérez, who became an eternal icon in Latin pop culture and music. Selena blazed a trail for the música Mexicana explosion that we're seeing today and the Latina pop stars who have followed in her footsteps. Her impact is often minimized in comparison to the circumstances of her tragic death. However, her music - and how she bridged the gap between her Mexican and American identities - continue to resonate with new generations of Latine fans. Selena Quintanilla was born on April 16, 1971, and grew up in Corpus Christi, TX. She was an Aries, a sign often described as "passionate, brave, and headstrong." Indeed of conforming with the música Mexicana artists of the time, she paved the way for herself by proudly embracing her Chicana identity. With influences like Whitney Houston, Janet Jackson, Jody Watley, and Gloria Estefan,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/16/2024 by Lucas Villa Popsugar.com Bad Bunny's First NYC Show From His Most Wanted Tour Is Proof His Latine Fans Still Come First When I first learned that Bad Bunny's sold-out Most Wanted Tour included three back-to-back shows at the Barclays Center in NYC and one that landed on my birthday, April 11, it all seemed meant to be. The concert would occur three days after a highly anticipated solar eclipse, a new moon, and all during a Mercury retrograde. It would also happen during Aries season - the beginning of the astrological year and a time for new beginnings. While I had high expectations for Benito's performance and his first NYC show from the tour, one thing that stood out most is how the Puerto Rican artist continues to appreciate and celebrate his loyal Latine fans. Bad Bunny is the most-streamed artist on the planet. This fun fact never loses its significance for loyal Latine fans who have witnessed the struggle for Latin music to get the respect and support it deserves here in the States. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/12/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Olivia Rodrigo's "Guts" Tour Made Me Feel Like a Teen Again I knew I was going to shed a tear or two at Olivia Rodrigo's "Guts" Tour. I'm just a girl, after all. On April 6, the three-time Grammy winner performed her second of four sold-out shows at Madison Square Garden in New York City. And for an hour and a half on Saturday night, Rodrigo reminded us of the good, bad, and ugly of girlhood. A bag adorned with ribbon bows slung over my shoulder, I screamed in anticipation with a crowd full of sequin miniskirts, glittery purple eyeshadow, and fishnet tights as Rodrigo ascended onto the stage for her opening number, "Bad Idea Right." To my surprise, the audience wasn't just young teens, kids, and their parents. An unexpected handful of 20- and 30-something adults like me were just as ready to jump and sing along to a mix of tunes from her sophomore album, "Guts," and her critically acclaimed debut album,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/8/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com Jennifer Lopez's Viral "the Bronx" Controversy Proves Younger Latines Don't Find Her Authentic Jennifer Lopez has been busy. In case you missed it, the Puerto Rican singer, dancer, and actor released not one but three complementary projects to kick off the year. There's her "This Is Me . . . Now" album; a video companion/musical to said album, "This Is Me . . . Now: A Love Story"; and a documentary that dives into said love story, "The Greatest Love Story Never Told." It was an ambitious undertaking, no doubt. And one that has her being dragged across TikTok, Instagram, and X (formerly Twitter). Part of the controversy lies in how Lopez represents herself and her native borough of the Bronx. In one scene from the documentary, Lopez tussles her curly hair while looking in the mirror and says, "It reminds me, like, when I was 16 in the Bronx, running up and down the block. Crazy little girl who used to fucking be wild and no limits,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/3/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com How I Got to Talk About Latine Representation in Hollywood on the TEDx Stage Since I was a young kid, I wanted to be a writer. I spent my summers reading, lying on my bedroom floor with my glasses slipping down my nose. But despite my fascination with storytelling, pursuing a career in writing never seemed realistic. Instead, I majored in English and embarked on a somewhat related career in cause-based communications and marketing. At those jobs, I met a lot of women who were creating art that was meaningful to them and their communities. They weren't household names, but they showed me that I'd been wrong. They proved to me that writers who look like me or grew up with similar experiences deserve a shot at getting our stories out there. At the same time, I decided to finally go for it and pursue a career as a professional writer. I couldn't help but note the number of organizations that were embracing Latina storytelling. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/3/2024 by Cristina Escobar Popsugar.com "Gordita Chronicles" Finally Gets a Second Life on Tubi, Hulu and Disney+ According to new McKinsey & Company research, there are over 62 million Latinos living in the United States who not only account for more than $3 trillion of Gdp but are also avid consumers of film and TV. US Latinos account for 24 percent of box office ticket sales and 24 percent of streaming subscribers. Yet somehow, there still aren't enough Latines behind and in front of the camera even though our viewership doubles when we see ourselves represented on or off screen. Today, we still don't have enough TV programming that accurately represents us - and the few shows that have been created for us and by us, like "Vida," "One Day at a Time," "Promised Land," and "Gentefied," were eventually all canceled despite their popularity. Among these many cancellations was Dominican American creator Claudia Forestieri's beloved "Gordita Chronicles," which was released in June 2022 on HBO Max and was canceled after just one season. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/2/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Shakira Thinks the "Barbie" Movie Is Emasculating - Here's How She Missed the Point There's no arguing that Shakira is a feminist icon. Entering the year on the heels of a very public split from her long-term partner and the father of her two sons, Gerard Piqué, she managed to take a painful experience and turn it into a shared triumph. Her latest studio album, "Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran," is a testament to independence and the strength that comes with it. It's a sentiment that many, especially women, will be able to relate to. In her recent Allure cover interview published on April 1, Shakira delves into what that strength looks like and what it means to be a woman healing today. But one thing that stood out from the interview was the singer's controversial take on another feminist pop culture pillar: the "Barbie" movie. Shakira shares her sons "absolutely hated" the film because they "felt it was emasculating." "I like pop culture when... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/2/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Emira D'Spain Wants Every Trans Kid to "Give Yourself Grace" You might recognize Emira D'Spain for her Grwm-style beauty videos, or you might know that she was the first ever Black trans Victoria's Secret model. On TikTok, she shares different aspects of her trans identity with her million-plus followers, and ahead of Trans Day of Visibility on March 31, she spoke to Ps about her own journey, gender euphoria, and more. Read it all, in her own words, below. When did I first experience gender euphoria? My parents are so accepting of me, so that's, for me, truly when I always have the most gender euphoria. Just being around my family. And knowing that that's not an experience that a lot of LGBTQ kids and adults get to experience, that's something that I become more and more grateful for the more people I meet in the community. It's something that I hold very close to my heart. Lady Gaga is not queer,... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/29/2024 by Emira D'Spain Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Alex Ferreira Talks Fatherhood, New Music, and the Importance of Making Music With Passion In our Q&a /feature series Tell Me Más, we ask some of our favorite Latine artists to share some inside info about their lives and habits, revealing everything from their most recent read to the songs that get them hyped. This month, we trekked out to Joe's Pub in the historic East Village to see Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Alex Ferreira take the stage and chatted with him about his latest project, fatherhood, and how he's balancing the two. Alex Ferreira's dressing room at Joe's Pub is small and sparse, without much in the way of personal belongings or even instruments. There's a guitar case to one side, a knapsack nearby on a leather chair, and the singer himself sitting sideways in front of the lighted vanity - his trademark curls falling in front of his face. It's a stripped environment, a fitting one given that later in the evening Ferreira... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/26/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Shakira's New Album "Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran" Turns Tears Into Diamonds When life gives you lemons, you have to make lemonade - and that's exactly what Shakira did after heartbreak. When the Colombian pop star learned in 2022 that Gerard Piqué, her partner of 11 years and the father of her two sons, was cheating on her, I'm sure it felt as if her life was falling apart. But when she couldn't bear the pain and the betrayal, she did what most musicians do - she turned it into art. The first song Shakira released that was directly related to the breakup was 2022's "Te Felicito" with Puerto Rican Latin trap artist Rauw Alejandro. The song not only marked Shakira's comeback, it was also the first in a string of singles that would display her healing journey to the world and eventually become part of her latest highly anticipated album, "Las Mujeres Ya no Lloran," which was released on March 22. Related: America Ferrera Didn’t Win an Oscar,... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/22/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Black Women in Country Are Grateful Beyoncé Is Entering the Genre Tanner Adell fell in love with country music young. She grew up splitting her time between Los Angeles and Star Valley, Wy, which created a stark contrast - but it was the country lifestyle, and specifically the music, that held her heart. Adell remembers falling in love with Keith Urban when he released "Somebody Like You." And every summer, when she and her mom would set out to drive back to LA from Star Valley, she'd sit in the back of the car and "just silently cry my eyes out as we'd start on this road trip back to California," she remembers. These days, Adell is a rising country music star. And ever since Beyoncé released "Texas Hold 'Em" and "16 Carriages" on Super Bowl Sunday and announced her forthcoming country album, the spotlight has been on Black women country artists like her. A lot of that attention has been positive... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/19/2024 by Lena Felton Popsugar.com Don Omar's "Back to Reggaeton" US Tour Shows How Far the Genre Has Come As reggaetón continues to dominate the music charts, the genre's legends, including Daddy Yankee, Tego Calderón, Ivy Queen, and Don Omar remain more relevant than ever for their roles in shaping a movement that originated in Puerto Rico and eventually went global. But Don Omar's comeback has been a long-awaited one. The leyenda known for his early 2000s hits like "Dale Don," "Sácala," and "Salió el Sol," has officially returned to the scene with his "Back to Reggateon" US Tour, produced by Cmn. The tour not only marks his highly anticipated return to the stage but also beautifully celebrates his two-decade-long career and its impactful contributions to the genre. Related: America Ferrera Didn’t Win an Oscar, but Her Monologue Will Live on For Latinas On Saturday, March 9, Don Omar took to the Barclays Center stage to perform a sold-out show that left the audience filled with joy and nostalgia. See full article at Popsugar.com 3/14/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com America Ferrera Didn’t Win an Oscar, but Her Monologue Will Live on For Latinas There's a reason why we're still talking about America Ferrera's "Barbie" monologue months after the blockbuster was released. While presenting the Best Supporting Actress award during the 2024 Oscars, Rita Moreno gave an emotional speech about Ferrera, who was nominated for her role of Gloria in the pink-filled film. While Ferrera didn't wind up taking home an Oscar - the award instead went to Da'Vine Joy Randolph for her role in "The Holdovers" - Moreno's speech left folks in the audience trying to understand why. "America. Your powerful Barbie monologue is perhaps the most talked-about moment in the most talked-about movie of the past year," Moreno said. "Your words and the passion with which you delivered them about the most impossible standards females must try to live up to galvanized not only women but everyone with a pulse." Even the way Moreno pronounced "America," with a Spanish accent and... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/11/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Rep. Pramila Jayapal's Journey Is "Every Immigrant's Story" Rep. Pramila Jayapal, of Washington state, is known for being an outspoken advocate of social justice, reproductive freedoms, and immigrants' rights. Ahead of International Women's Day, we wanted to hear more about her own immigration story and her message to young voters in a crucial election year. Read it all, in her own words, below. It was a dream of my parents to give me the opportunity of education in the United States and everything that would provide, so they really made that ultimate sacrifice. I don't know if any of us really understood what a sacrifice it would be, because I would never end up living on the same continent as them again. Now, decades later, I understand what that meant, and I'm very, very grateful. I think it's part of what drove me as a teenager - I was only 16, I was here by myself and in a brand-new country,... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/8/2024 by Rep. Pramila Jayapal Popsugar.com "Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó" Filmmaker Sean Wang and His Grandmas on the Joys of Unlikely Friendships Image Source: Getty / Alberto E. Rodriguez Where I'm From: Now and Gen features in-conversation pieces between generations - like a younger woman and her grandmother - discussing a topic like beauty rituals, finances, or marriage. We sat down with filmmaker Sean Wang and his grandmothers, Yi Yan Fuei and Chang Li Hua, the subjects of Wang's Oscar-nominated documentary short, "Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó." Read their heartwarming chat about friendship below. In 2021, in the wake of increased anti-Asian violence and the ongoing pandemic, filmmaker Sean Wang moved back home to San Francisco. There, he started observing - then filming - Nǎi Nai and Wài Pó, his 94-year-old paternal grandmother and 83-year-old maternal grandmother, respectively, who happen to be inseparable friends and roommates. As he captured the mundane moments and joys of their daily lives, he created "Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó," an Oscar-nominated documentary short that recently landed on Disney+. "As... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/6/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com "The Morning Show"'s Karen Pittman Would Love to Just Act, but the System Is Broken Image Source: Getty / Emma McIntyre In season three of "The Morning Show," a race scandal rocks Uba, the broadcast network that serves as the show's backdrop. The storyline sees Karen Pittman's Mia and Greta Lee's Stella strikingly depict the realities of women of color in largely white, corporate spaces like network television. "That's me and Greta actually, in a real way," Pittman tells Popsugar after speaking at the 2024 Makers Conference on Feb. 28. Through characters like Mia and Nya on "And Just Like That...," Pittman brings incredible nuance to her portrayal of strong Black women who navigate their race in their respective environments, which she opened up about in conversation with "Succession" actor J. Smith-Cameron. The two spoke at the three-day summit hosted by Makers, a community-focused media brand owned by Yahoo that's focused on accelerating equity for women in the workplace. "I pride myself on having characters that... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/1/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com The Real Stars of "Love Is Blind": Those Gold Wine Glasses Image Source: Netflix There are numerous standout stars on the newest season of "Love Is Blind" - Megan Fox (Chelsea Blackwell), Ad's mother, Kenneth's phone, and the EpiPen, to name a few - but no star shines quite as bright as the famed gold cups. You know the ones we're talking about: those metallic-tinged wine glasses that pop up in nearly every frame of the Netflix dating series. As omnipresent as the drama, the shiny goblets, of both the stemmed and stemless variety, aren't just sipped by contestants in the pods; they also score a ticket to the all-inclusive honeymoon resort in the Dominican Republic and make appearances, well, pretty much everywhere. Viewers can see them at the group pool party in North Carolina, the wedding-dress shop, every family's house, and every contestant's apartment. We'll put it this way: if "take a shot every time you see a gold cup... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/28/2024 by Victoria Messina Popsugar.com The Undeniable Influence of Black Latine Artists on Latin Music Black. It is the color that absorbs all colors, the shade that holds the sun's warmth as it moves east to west. It is the color of a people, not just African but Caribbean, Middle Eastern, American, and more. But it is also music: the color at the center of the trumpet's brass ring, the shadow that fills the club when the lights get low and the party begins. Over the decades, Latin music has built a reputation for being wildly popular, no doubt in part due to its danceable nature. But what often gets lost in the conversation is the contribution that Black Latines had in cultivating the sound that, today, many of us regard as uniquely "Latin." As a kid, I was guilty of just that. It wasn't until years later that I came to understand the importance of claiming my Afro-Puerto Rican heritage and how it shaped... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/27/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com How Laufey's Chinese Icelandic Upbringing Shaped Her Unique Jazz Sound Laufey has always felt "undefined." Whether it was her unique, modern jazz sound or her identity as a Chinese Icelandic artist, the 24-year-old singer-songwriter and producer tells Popsugar she "always felt like an anomaly and a bit of an outsider in my communities." "Being a bit different became my status quo." The artist, who recently took home her first Grammy for best traditional pop vocal album, has taken the music world - and TikTok - by storm. Since going viral on the platform in early 2022, she's released two albums, the second of which earned her the accolade. "Being a bit different became my status quo. I took my experience of being undefined into the music industry," she says. Laufey's background growing up with Chinese and Icelandic parents in Iceland and later living in the US was pivotal to building her sound and, eventually, her career in music. "I had such... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/26/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com Jennifer Lopez's New Doc Is Less About Ben Affleck and More About Self-Love If you had a hard time understanding Jennifer Lopez's recent music video project "This Is Me... Now: A Love Story," her documentary "The Greatest Love Story Never Told" might answer some of your questions. In the doc, Lopez shares that the inspiration behind both "This Is Me... Now: A Love Story" and her ninth studio album, "This Is Me... Now" (both of which released on Feb. 16), was to finally set the record straight about her love life. "I've been married four times now. I'm sure people watching from the outside were like, 'What is this girl's fucking problem?' You saw kind of a compulsive behavior," Lopez says in the documentary's introduction. "What I portrayed to the world was, 'Oh this didn't work out and it's fine and I'm good and they're good.' And all of that was kind of bullshit." The documentary goes behind the scenes in... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/26/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Grammy-Winning Goyo's Rise to Fame Has Been a Win For Afro-Latine Artists In our Q&a /feature series Tell Me Más, we ask some of our favorite Latine artists to share some inside info about their lives and habits, revealing everything from their most recent read to the songs that get them hyped. This month, Grammy-winning artist Goyo, a member of legendary group ChocQuibTown, drops in to talk about her latest turn as a solo act, Afro-Latine representation, and what she's got in store for us in 2024. As reggaetón, afrobeats, and trap become global, their distinct sounds and formulas become more cemented. However, rapper and singer Goyo has always defied the confines of a single genre. As a member of the award-winning group ChocQuibTown, the sound that she helped craft along with her brother Miguel "Slow" Martinez and Carlos "Tostao" Valencia, combined elements of traditional African percussion, Colombian folk, hip-hop, dancehall, and reggaetón. Now, as she continues her musical journey, this time as a solo artist,... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/23/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Prince Royce Talks Life After Divorce and How It Inspired His New Album, "Llamada Perdida" "I get way more scared and embarrassed having to talk about my personal life in interviews than saying it in a song," Prince Royce admits during an interview in Los Angeles for his new album, "Llamada Perdida," which dropped Friday. With a decade-plus career that has generally been free of controversy, the Dominican American bachata artist and pop star is wearing his heart on his sleeve in his first LP since a very public divorce. Prince Royce says he has found healing through music while re-prioritizing himself and pushing the bachata genre to new places. "Right now, I feel like I'm in a good place," he tells Popsugar. "Everybody has problems. It's just how you deal with them, and I think it's all part of growth. That's how I took in this experience in my personal life that happened in the last two years." Royce is referring to his split... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/19/2024 by Lucas Villa Popsugar.com Gabriela Berlingeri Is Focused on Self-Love - and Her Jewelry Line Celebrates That Even for those who seek to be the center of attention, the spotlight often comes with a heavy price. In a world where gossip rules much of the mediasphere, even non-celebrities can end up caught up in the maelstrom of intense public attention. Especially if they're closely associated with someone famous and recognizable. Gabriela Berlingeri experienced that, and to a degree very few can relate to, during the time she dated one of the most famous people on the planet - Bad Bunny. The story of how Berlingeri and the Latin trap artist had a chance meeting and started up a relationship back in 2017 has become part of his lore. The two were together for several years and even collaborated on a handful of songs. She was even shouted out in "Acho PR," a single off his latest album "Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana." The details of... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/12/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Finally, the Grammys Proved Women of All Ages Can Shine 2023 was all about the joy of girlhood, so it's no surprise the biggest musical hits of the year were also for women and by women. Ahead of the 2024 Grammy Awards, women dominated nominations across categories. But the Feb. 4 ceremony celebrated not only women nominees, but also winners, performers, and presenters - at every age. From longtime legends to rising artists, women celebrated each other unabashedly in an industry that tends to emphasize youth and often pits women against each other. For the first time in years, an award show seemed to hit the mark on entertaining audiences across generations, striking the perfect chord between embracing nostalgia and highlighting newer talent. Women nominees were up for every major category, and ultimately snagged the big wins, too. Phoebe Bridgers took home the most trophies with four wins, making her a first-time Grammy winner alongside Victoria Monét, Miley Cyrus, Karol G, and Lainey Wilson. See full article at Popsugar.com 2/5/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Neysa Blay’s Sobriety Journey Has Transformed Her as a Music Artist When indie rock musician Neysa Blay sat down to start writing songs for her new album, "Nada es Suficiente," she found herself in an unusual predicament. She'd been sober for nearly a decade at that point, putting considerable distance between her turbulent past and the more placid present. "I'm really good at writing when there's chaos and noise in my head, and when things are kind of bumpy," she says. But now she'd overcome so many of her inner demons. "How do I learn how to write from a good place?" The LP, which drops in May, bridges the gap between her innate rebellious spirit and the more conscientious Blay that has emerged over the past few years. Previous singles, such as the softer "Te Gusta/Me Gusta" and no-nonsense "Quise Que Fueras Tú," toggle between vulnerable and headstrong; she might be rough, but her heart is undoubtedly open. Her newest track,... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/30/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Black Women Are Giving Themselves the Flowers They Deserve This Awards Season Black women are consistently underestimated, disregarded, and overlooked in the entertainment industry, but I've been so inspired by Black stars' joy and self-love this awards season. From Quinta Brunson to Niecy Nash, our favorite actresses have already celebrated their well-deserved flowers - and I'll be watching the upcoming Grammys to see if that trend continues. If you've missed all the bright points of this awards season, let me remind you of what's happened so far. During the Golden Globes on Jan. 7, we saw Ayo Edebiri take home her first major award as this year's best female actor in a television series for her work in "The Bear." Her acceptance speech made its way around social media for her relatable delivery - but mainly for her acknowledgment of her agents' and managers' assistants. Despite this being a momentous occasion in her career, she took the time to humbly thank and uplift... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/30/2024 by Daria Yazmiene Popsugar.com How Arcángel Is Grieving His Brother's Loss and Transforming Through the Process Eighteen years ago, before his debut on the 2005 compilation album "Sangre Nueva," not many were familiar with Puerto Rican reggaetón artist Arcángel. In the early days of his music career, Arcángel would sing on mixtapes for his friends and for locals in the rough San Juan neighborhoods of Villa Palmeras and La Perla, where he grew up. But these days, he has millions of listeners tuning in to his music, making him one of the biggest stars of the genre. As Arcángel sits down for our virtual interview, his usual sunglasses are off. He looks straight at the webcam - not the screen - as if having a face-to-face conversation. There's a startling amount of empathy in his eyes, which is both surprising and not when you consider his tumultuous early years, marked by hustling on the streets and finding ways to get by. People tend to associate that kind of life with cynical personalities,... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/24/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Ivy Queen Is Manifesting 2024 to Be Her Year The legendary Ivy Queen - often referred to as the Queen of Reggaetón or La Caballota - once said in an interview, "In the life of every woman, there's a point when you blossom and when you flourish." And for Ivy Queen, after decades of cementing her place as a pioneer of the genre, that time is now. Born Martha Ivelisse Pesante Rodríguez, Ivy Queen first became recognized in the reggaetón scene back in the '90s, when the genre was still considered underground. She was the first female member of the all-male rap collective formed at the studios of The Noise, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. And her first live performance - where she rapped "Somos Raperos Pero no Delincuentes" ("We Are Rappers Not Delinquents"), wearing what would then become her signature style of oversized jeans, a T-shirt, braids, and long acrylic nails - launched her on a legendary career. See full article at Popsugar.com 1/18/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com The New "Mean Girls" Cast Looks Different Than the Original - and That's the Point The very first shot of the 2024 musical reimagining of "Mean Girls" is a vertical frame. Two characters, Janis (played by Auli'i Cravalho) and Damian (Jaquel Spivey), film themselves singing a song that sets the stage for the story to follow. They're troubadours for the TikTok set - and this is a "Mean Girls" for a new generation. The Cady Heron, Regina George, and Aaron Samuels of the original film, released in 2004, had never seen an iPhone - those wouldn't debut for another three years. "Instagram," "Twitter," and "Snapchat" would have sounded like gibberish. Karen was just a name, and Donald Trump was just a business mogul. Twenty years later . . . well, things are different. We've seen not just a technological revolution, but a cultural one. More Americans have become more aware of how rampant racism and discrimination - from microaggressions to hate crimes - are in this country. And while we... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/11/2024 by Abbey Stone Popsugar.com "The Brothers Sun" Star Sam Song Li Shares Why His Breakout Role Is Deeply Personal Image Source: Ziyang Wang When Sam Song Li came across the role of Bruce on "The Brothers Sun," he felt like the character was written uniquely for him. In Netflix's new action-packed drama series, Bruce's life is upended when his older brother, Charles (Justin Chien), who turns out to be a Taiwanese gangster, comes to LA to protect their mom, Eileen (Michelle Yeoh). When Li first read the script, he quickly learned he shared a number of "shockingly close" similarities with his onscreen counterpart. Like Bruce, the 27-year-old actor and content creator was raised by a single mom in the San Gabriel Valley, CA, a predominantly Asian American community where the series partially takes place. Similarly, he also dreamed of being an actor and improv comedian, despite his mom's hopes that he'd become a doctor. "I feel like that especially is just really relatable for a lot of Asian Americans,... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/9/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com There's a Sinister Truth to the Stereotypes of Asian Men Depicted in "May December" The Netflix movie "May December" is heavily inspired by the real-life relationship between Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau, which is probably why its depiction of stereotypes of Asian men feels so close to reality, too. The morally problematic tale takes viewers on a complex journey with troubling racial implications, particularly as they relate to weaponized whiteness and the depiction of Asian masculinity as subservient and childlike. This highly publicized case, as well as its fictionalized version depicted in "May December," raises a central question: how did the fact that she's a white woman impact not only her ability to groom him - an Asian American boy - but also the public's reaction to the story? This feeds into the harmful stereotype that Asian men are complacent and obedient. In "May December," Julianne Moore plays Gracie, the fictionalized version of Letourneau, who began sexually abusing Fualauu when he was her sixth-grade student. See full article at Popsugar.com 12/18/2023 by Michael Kwan Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Lúconde Fuses Theater and Urbano in Her Debut Album Many popular musicians have created fictional alter egos as a way to explore new sonic avenues that they wish to experiment with. David Bowie had Ziggy Stardust and Aladdin Sane, David Johansen had Buster Poindexter, Lady Gaga spent a whole season as Jo Calderone, and the less said about Garth Brooks's Chris Gaines era the better, but it certainly happened. For them, it's a kind of performance art - an expression of their interest in stepping out of their comfort zone and giving the endeavor a theatrical flair as well. The debate about whether these could be considered merely publicity stunts is valid, but for some artists, there's a true creative desire to inhabit these personas. For Adriana Rivera, a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter, it's a culmination of her dream to merge two artistic outputs that have long fascinated and inspired her: music and acting. From this desire and its manifestation,... See full article at Popsugar.com 11/30/2023 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Indigenous Activist Michelle Chubb on What We All Lose When History Centers White Voices Michelle Chubb, also known as Indigenous Baddie on social media, is a model, activist, and public speaker who brings mainstream media's attention to the beauty of and challenges facing Indigenous communities. Chubb is a Swampy Cree member of Bunibonibee Cree Nation, and ahead of Thanksgiving, she shared how many Indigenous communities approach the holiday. "A lot of us don't respect it as an event to celebrate because of the history," she said, referencing the fact that the narrative of the 1621 Thanksgiving feast has long been dominated by white voices and leaves out the fact that cooperation between European colonists and Indigenous communities was short-lived, giving way to violence and massacres of Indigenous tribes in the years that followed. Chubb also shared what it was like to grow up Indigenous, how we can all be more respectful of Indigenous communities, and more. Read it all, in her own words, below. I grew up in the city,... See full article at Popsugar.com 11/22/2023 by Michelle Chubb Popsugar.com 50 more IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/feature/bornondate/?ref_=nv_cel_brn
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Advanced search TITLES NAMES COLLABORATIONS Birthday: 05-13 See results Search filtersExpand all Name Birth date Enter full date to or just enter yyyy, or yyyy-mm below to Birthday Awards & recognition Best Actress-NominatedBest Actor-NominatedBest Actress-WinningBest Actor-WinningBest Supporting Actress-NominatedBest Supporting Actor-NominatedBest Supporting Actress-WinningBest Supporting Actor-WinningBest Director-NominatedBest Director-WinningOscar-NominatedEmmy Award-NominatedGolden Globe-NominatedOscar-WinningEmmy Award-WinningGolden Globe-Winning Page topics Only includes names with the selected topics Award NominationsBiographyBirth DatePlace of birthDeath DatePlace of deathHeight infoQuotesTrivia Search within topic BiographyPlace of birthPlace of deathQuotesTrivia Death date to or just enter yyyy, or yyyy-mm below to Gender identity MaleFemaleNon-binaryOther Credits Adult names Exclude Include 1-50 of 1,545 Sort byPopularity PopularityA-ZBirth dateDeath date 1. Harvey Keitel Actor Producer SoundtrackReservoir Dogs (1992) American actor and producer Harvey Keitel was born on May 13, 1939 in Brooklyn, New York City, to Miriam (Klein) and Harry Keitel. An Oscar and Golden Globe Award nominee, he has appeared in films such as Martin Scorsese's Mean Streets (1973) and Taxi Driver (1976), Ridley Scott's The Duellists (1977) and Thelma (1991), Peter Yates' Mother, Jugs & Speed (1976), Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs (1992) and Pulp Fiction (1994), Jane Campion's The Piano (1993), Abel Ferrara's Bad Lieutenant (1992), Robert Rodriguez's From Dusk Till Dawn (1996), James Mangold's Cop Land (1997), Paolo Sorrentino's Youth (2015). He is regarded as one of the greatest method actors ever. Along with actors Al Pacino and Ellen Burstyn, he is the current co-president of the Actors Studio. Keitel studied under both Stella Adler and Lee Strasberg and at the HB Studio, eventually landing roles in some Off-Broadway productions. During this time, Keitel auditioned for filmmaker Martin Scorsese and gained a starring role as "J.R.", in Scorsese's first feature film, Who's That Knocking at My Door (1967). Since then, Scorsese and Keitel have worked together on several projects. Keitel had the starring role in Scorsese's Mean Streets (1973), which also proved to be Robert De Niro's breakthrough film. Keitel re-teamed with Scorsese for Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore (1974), in which he had a villainous supporting role, and appeared with Robert De Niro again in Scorsese's Taxi Driver (1976), playing the role of Jodie Foster's pimp. 2. Hannah New Actress ProducerMaleficent (2014) Born in London, England, Hannah insisted at age 4 to attend ballet school, setting her on a performing path in life. She later turned her focus to acting and joined The National Youth Theatre of Great Britain. Her interest in other cultures led her to travel around the world, including Bolivia where she did volunteer work in children's homes. Upon her return to England, she attended Leeds University, majoring in English and Spanish and performing in numerous stage productions in both languages. Hannah earned her a First Class honors degree and promptly moved to Spain to further master the language through immersion and even studied Sanford Meisner, with Frank Feys, in Spanish. Hannah was quickly scouted by View Management, a top Spanish modeling agency, and decided to pursue print and commercial work to support her studies in Barcelona and Madrid and save for drama school back home. She was accepted and attended London University's Central School of Speech and Drama. While pursuing her degree, Hannah was offered several Spanish projects, including the lead in the 11-part mini-series adaptation of María Dueñas' best-selling novel "El Tiempo Entre Costuras". Although against standard school policy, Central allowed Hannah to continue her studies while shooting this and several other projects in Spain and in December 2011, she graduated with a Masters in Acting with Distinction. Since graduation, Hannah landed her first American role as one of the leads in "Shelter," a pilot for Warner Bros. and the CW that was produced by J.J. Abrams. She was then cast in Walt Disney Pictures' Maleficent (2014), starring Angelina Jolie. Hannah plays "Leila", the beautiful mother of young Princess Aurora, and the film will be released in March, 2014. She will next star, among an international cast, in the pirate drama, Black Sails (2014). The 8-episode series for Starz is executive-produced by Michael Bay, Jonathan E. Steinberg and Robert Levine. Hannah plays "Eleanor Guthrie", a beautiful and courageous owner of a rowdy Bahamas saloon, who must run her father's black market business as supplier to dangerous pirates. Hannah continues to reside in London, England. 3. Robert Pattinson Actor Producer WriterTwilight (2008) Robert Douglas Thomas Pattinson was born May 13, 1986 in London, England, to Richard Pattinson, a car dealer importing vintage cars, and Clare Pattinson (née Charlton), who worked as a booker at a model agency. He grew up in Barnes, southwest London with two older sisters. Robert discovered his love for music long before acting and started learning the guitar and piano at the age of four. He became a big cinephile for love of auteur cinema in his early teens and preferred to watch films rather than doing his homework. In his late teens and early twenties, he used to perform solo acoustic guitar gigs at open mic nights in bars and pubs around London where he sung his own written songs. Thinking about becoming a musician or going to university to study speech-writing, he never thought about pursuing an acting career and his drama teacher in school even advised him not to join the drama club because she thought he wasn't made for the creative subjects. But as a teenager, he joined the local amateur theatre club after his father convinced him to attend because he was quite shy. At age 15 and after two years of working backstage, he auditioned for the play 'Guys and Dolls' and he got his first role as a Cuban dancer with no lines. He got the lead part in the next play 'Our Town', was spotted by a talent agent who was sitting in the audience and he began looking for professional roles. His first screen role was a small part in Vanity Fair (2004), but he'd been cut out of the final film and didn't know about it until he attended the premiere. The casting director felt so guilty for not telling him, that she got him the audition for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (2005). He was lucky and succeeded in gaining the role of Cedric Diggory, which brought him to a wider audience at the age of 19 and he continued to star in mostly smaller British TV productions. Hollywood expressed only mild interest in him and he was still debating whether or not he wished to pursue acting. Throughout that period, Pattinson would occasionally send audition tapes for roles in America. One, for a rom-com, led to the opportunity for an in-person audition in Los Angeles. That audition did not pan out, but while in town he went in for another, with Thirteen (2003) director Catherine Hardwicke, for a part in what he understood to be an indie movie based on a low-profile book about a vampire. Being the last one out of 3000 male actors to audition for the part, the role of Edward Cullen in the film adaptations of the Twilight novels written by Stephenie Meyer brought him to unexpected worldwide stardom at age 22 and the five films between 2008 and 2012 grossed over $3.3 billion in worldwide receipts. Between the Twilight Saga films, he also starred in Remember Me (2010), Water for Elephants (2011) and Bel Ami (2012). Pattinson's Twilight-era was surreal. He had been catapulted onto Hollywood's A-list as a heartthrob, but also experienced certain preconceptions about what he wanted - or was capable of doing - as an actor. That changed with an unexpected straight offer from auteur director David Cronenberg to star in Cosmopolis (2012), which he described as an eye-opening experience: It reminded him of his love for cinema, why he wanted to become an actor in the first place and solidified his foremost desire for the coming years to work with great filmmakers. With Pattinson being a big cinephile, he since then starred in mostly independent films from respected auteur directors, such as The Rover (2014), Maps to the Stars (2014), Life (2015), Queen of the Desert (2015) and The Childhood of a Leader (2015). His unrecognizable role as an explorer in the amazon jungle in The Lost City of Z (2016) from director James Gray brought him much critical acclaim. His transformation to a sleazy, manic conman in the gritty crime thriller Good Time (2017) earned a six-minute standing ovation at the Cannes Film Festival and brought him a nomination for Best Actor at the Independent Spirit Awards. It was a major step for his transition into a character actor with incredible range, with critics calling his performance a revelation and career-defining. He starred in the western-comedy Damsel (2018) as a cowboy with sociopathic characteristics and played a convict sent to space for sexual experimentation in the psychological mystery drama High Life (2018) from acclaimed French auteur director Claire Denis. He returned to work with director David Michôd in The King (2019) and starred in the black-and-white fantasy-horror movie The Lighthouse (2019) from director Robert Eggers, which earned him his second Independent Spirit Award nomination for Best Actor. In Netflix's The Devil All the Time (2020), Pattinson played a corrupt preacher preying on young girls. He returned to mainstream films with a leading role in Christopher Nolan's time bending spy film Tenet (2020) and will star as the DC Comics superhero Batman in Matt Reeves' film The Batman (2022). 4. Samantha Morton Actress Writer DirectorMinority Report (2002) Samantha Morton has established herself as one of the finest actors of her generation, winning Oscar nominations for her turns in Woody Allen's Sweet and Lowdown (1999) and Jim Sheridan's In America (2002). She has the talent to become one of the major performers in the cinema of this young century. Samantha Morton was born on May 13, 1977 in Nottingham, England to parents who divorced when she was three years old. Peter and Pamela Morton took other spouses and made Samantha part of a mixed family of 13; she has eight brothers and sisters. She turned to play-acting early in her life, while she was a school-girl. At 13, she left regular school to train as an actress at the Central Junior Television Workshop, where she learned her craft for three years. It was at the end of her training then that she decided that a life as a professional actress was for her. She honed her skills in television roles, working her way up from series television to TV-movies and prestigious mini-series, such as Emma (1996) and Jane Eyre (1997). Her first major film role, Under the Skin (1997), won her the Best Actress Award from the Boston Film Critics Society. Woody Allen cast her as Hattie, the "dumb" (unspeaking) lover of Sean Penn's caddish jazz guitarist in Sweet and Lowdown (1999), a beautiful performance in a role that could have flummoxed a less-talented performer. Penn was Oscar-nominated for his performance, but it was Morton's Hattie that was central to the success of the film, Allen's last unqualified success. She provided the moral and narrative center of the film. It was quite a remarkable performance for a 21-year old as she had to do all her acting with her face, having been shorn of her voice. The role of Hattie won Morton a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award nomination. Ironically, Morton had never seen a Woody Allen movie before. (She grew up watching the TV and listening to the radio.) She agreed to do the film after reading the script (as she says, well-written roles for women are hard to find), and the movie made her a hot commodity in Hollywood after she won the Oscar nomination. (She lost out to Angelina Jolie). Morton was offered many roles, but was very choosy as she was not in acting as a game with a payoff of stardom and money. She had consolidated her reputation by following up the Allen film with work in indie features that showed that she was not only talented, but quite courageous as a performer. She played a heroin addict in the underrated Jesus' Son (1999) and gave a brilliant performance in Morvern Callar (2002), the story of a Scottish supermarket clerk coping with her boyfriend's suicide. Steven Spielberg cast her, opposite superstar Tom Cruise, as the clairvoyant in Minority Report (2002), in which she more than held her own opposite Cruise and the special effects. (She took the role as Cruise and Steven Spielberg are favorites of hers). As good as she was, Morton was better served by Irish director Jim Sheridan, Sheridan cast her as a character modeled after his wife in an autobiographical picture more in line with persona and that made better use of her talents. Her performance as the young Irish mother coping with life in New York City in In America (2002) won her numerous critics' awards and another Oscar nod, this time as Best Actress. At this point, one feels that the odds of her winning the Oscar are even or better. Samantha Morton continues to deliver fine work in provocative films such as Michael Winterbottom's Code 46 (2003), though she is branching out towards the mainstream, taking a role in the remake of that perennial family favorite, Lassie (2005). 5. Debby Ryan Actress Music Department ProducerInsatiable (2018–2019) Debby Ryan was born in Huntsville, Alabama on May 13, 1993, but she and her family moved to Texas when she was a small child and lived there for five years before moving to Wiesbaden, Germany. In Germany Debby became fascinated with acting in local plays and musicals. By age 9, she knew she wanted to be an actress. After three years in Germany, the family moved to Keller, Texas, where they lived until they moved to Los Angeles so Debby could pursue a career in the entertainment industry. Debby got her start in film with roles in Barney: Let's Go to the Firehouse (2007) and the MGM feature film The Longshots (2008) alongside Keke Palmer and Ice Cube. She also appeared in a handful of national television commercials. From there, her career took off when she secured one of the series-regular roles on Disney Channel's The Suite Life on Deck (2008), which debuted in 2008. In 2010, she starred in the smash hit Disney Channel film 16 Wishes (2010), one of the first of many Disney co-productions. She took an active role employing online and guerrilla-marketing techniques to the film that had a tiny marketing budget. The movie premiered to 5.6 million viewers and made it as second on the list of cable's top 25 most popular shows of that week, twice. Since then, 16 Wishes (2010) has been successful in over 30 countries worldwide and continues to draw in strong viewership numbers. In addition to her work with The Disney Channel, Debby appeared on ABC's Private Practice (2007), showcasing some of her dramatic acting chops playing Hailey, a recovering cocaine addict. She also appeared as a murder suspect on A&E's hit series The Glades (2010), in 2012. Debby has appeared in over 8 live-action Disney Channel series and countless interstitials. Her current hit series Jessie (2011) was the first live-action series in Disney history to be picked up with only her cast, the Show Runner, and the script. Debby starred in the Disney Channel original movie, Radio Rebel (2012), which premiered on February 17, 2012 to over 6 million viewers. It was based on Danielle Joseph's novel "Shrinking Violet", and Debby appeared as Tara Adams, a shy high-school senior who leads an alternate life as an anonymous DJ [called Radio Rebel]. In addition to starring in the movie, Debby produced the music video and contributed to three tracks on the soundtrack, including "We Got The Beat", "A Wish Comes True Every Day", and "We Ended Right". Aside from Radio Rebel (2012) and Jessie (2011), Debby is also widely recognized for her role as popular season regular Bailey Pickett on the Disney Channel series The Suite Life on Deck (2008), a role she held from 2008-2011. She flexed her voiceover skills in Secret of the Wings (2012) and Ultimate Spider-Man (2012). When she isn't working, Debby is passionate about volunteering and is a Disney Friends for Change Ambassador. Her recent work with Friends for Change took her to India, where in partnership with Free the Children, Debby helped to build a new school for a local village. The documentary on her work was nominated for a daytime Emmy in 2013. Debby is also heavily involved in music and loves to collaborate with her brother, Chase Ryan, and her friends. Her self-written single debuted in 2010 on Disney Channel as a music video about her character in 16 Wishes (2010). It was featured on the 16 Wishes (2010) soundtrack. In July 2011, she released the single, "We Ended Right", which debuted on iTunes and was also picked up to be featured on the "Radio Rebel" soundtrack. Debby wrote her first EP entitled "One". This indie rock, self funded/produced record premiered in the Top 5 on the rock charts and was featured on Billboard. Debby directed plays and skits while she was younger and after years of shadowing successful directors, she was allowed to take the reins as a director for her live action hit series Jessie (2011). She will direct 3 more episodes before the season ends in February. On the business side, Debby is an active producer on Jessie (2011). She was there from the inception of the story, attends production meetings, and makes meaningful and significant contributions to Jessie (2011). She launched a production company called Shadowborn Productions, where she produced the official music video for "Radio Rebel" and another one for Atlantic's "Fueled by Ramen". In 2016, Debby played the part of "Holli" on the YouTube Red series, Sing It! (2016). She is costarring in the upcoming films Rip Tide (2017), playing the role of Cora; and the comedy Life of the Party (2018), alongside Gillian Jacobs, Melissa McCarthy, and Maya Rudolph. Debby was also cast in the lead role of Patty in a pilot ordered by the CW, Insatiable (2018). 6. Mika Abdalla ActressSnack Shack (2024) Born and raised in Texas, Mikayla Sofia Abdalla is a first-generation American actress of Bulgarian, Lebanese, Greek, Italian, and German descent. She is best known for playing the lead spy, McKeyla McAlister, in the Emmy-nominated Netflix original series, Project MC2 (2015). After graduating high school early and with honors, Mika was accepted into The University of California, Los Angeles. Mika currently resides in LA where she attends UCLA while continuing to pursue her acting career. 7. Jeremy Bobb ActorThe Continental (2023– ) Jeremy Bobb was born on 13 May 1981 in Dublin, Ohio, USA. He is an actor, known for The Continental (2023), Russian Doll (2019) and Godless (2017). 8. Taylor John Smith Actor ProducerWhere the Crawdads Sing (2022) Taylor John Smith is an American actor. He is known for his role as John Keene in the series Sharp Objects. Notable films in which he has appeared are Wolves (2016), You Get Me (2017), Hunter Killer (2018), The Outpost (2020) and Shadow in the Cloud (2020). 9. Bea Arthur Actress Music Department SoundtrackThe Golden Girls (1985–1992) Actress-comedienne Bea Arthur was born Bernice Frankel on May 13, 1922 in New York City to a Jewish family. She grew up in Maryland, where her parents ran a dress shop. At 12 years old, she was the tallest girl in her school at 5'9". She earned the title of "Wittiest Girl" in her school, and her dream was to be in show business, but she didn't think her family would support her. She then worked as a laboratory technician, and in the Marine Corps; she drove a truck, and worked as a typist. Her brief first marriage ended in divorce. Afterwards, she told her parents that she wanted to pursue a career in show business, and they supported her decision to join the New York's Dramatic Workshop for the New School for Social Research. Arthur (her acting name based on a variation of her first husband's surname) played classical and dramatic roles, but it would be years before she found her niche in comedy. Her breakthrough came on stage while appearing in the musical play "The Threepenny Opera," with Lotte Lenya. For one season in the 1950's, she was a regular on Sid Caesar's television show,Caesar's Hour (1954). In 1964, she became truly famous as Yente the Matchmaker, in the original Broadway production of "Fiddler on the Roof". Despite this being a small supporting role, Arthur stole the show night after night. In 1966, she went to work on a new Broadway musical, "Mame", directed by her second husband, Gene Saks, winning a Tony Award for the featured role of Vera Charles. The show's star, Angela Lansbury, also won a Tony Award, and she and Bea became lifelong friends. In 1971, Arthur appeared on the hit sitcom All in the Family (1971) as Maude Findlay, Edith Bunker's cousin, who was forever driving Archie Bunker crazy with her liberal politics. The guest appearance led to Arthur's own series, Maude (1972). The show was a hit, running for six years, during which many controversial topics of the time, including abortion, were tackled, and Bea won her first Emmy Award. While doing Maude (1972), Arthur repeated the role of Vera Charles in the film version of Mame (1974), again directed by Gene Saks, but it was a dismal flop. She also appeared on The Star Wars Holiday Special (1978). While appearing in Maude (1972), she raised her two sons, whom she had adopted with husband Gene Saks. After the show ended, so did her marriage to Saks. She never remarried. She became a lifelong animal rights' activist. In 1983, she started working on a new sitcom, Amanda's (1983), patterned after Britain's Fawlty Towers (1975) but it was short-lived. In 1985, The Golden Girls (1985) made its debut. Co-starring Betty White, Rue McClanahan and Estelle Getty, the show was about the lives of three middle-aged women, and one elderly mother, (played by Getty, who was actually younger than White and Arthur), living in Miami. It was an immediate hit, running for seven seasons. All of the cast members, including Arthur, won Emmy Awards during the show's run. She left when she thought each show was at its peak. The producers realized the shows wouldn't be the same without her. In 1992, The Golden Girls (1985) was canceled. Arthur kept a low profile, appearing in only two movies: For Better or Worse (1995) and Enemies of Laughter (2000). In 1999, Arthur made an appearance at The N.Y. Friars Club Roast of Jerry Stiller (1999). She did a one-woman stage show in 2001, for which she received a Tony Award nomination. In 2003, she reunited with Betty White and Rue McClanahan for The Golden Girls (1985) reunion special on the Lifetime Channel. Noticeably absent was supporting actress Estelle Getty, who was ill. The three lead actresses made appearances together for the rest of the decade to promote DVD releases of The Golden Girls (1985). They appeared together for the last time in 1998, at the TV Land Awards, receiving a standing ovation as they accepted the Pop Culture Award. She attended her induction into the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Hall of Fame, with Angela Lansbury. On April 25, 2009, at home with her family, Arthur died of cancer. She was 86. She was survived by her two sons, Matthew and Daniel, and her grandchildren, Kyra and Violet. In her will, she left $300,000 to New York's Ali Forney Center, an organization supporting homeless LGBT youths. 10. Iwan Rheon Actor Producer SoundtrackGame of Thrones (2013–2016) Iwan Rheon (born 13 May 1985) is a Welsh actor, singer and musician, best known for portraying Ramsay Bolton in the HBO series Game of Thrones (2011), Simon Bellamy in the E4 series Misfits (2009) and Ash Weston in the ITV sitcom Vicious (2013). Rheon was born in Carmarthen, Carmarthenshire. When he was five years old, his family moved to Cardiff. He attended Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Glantaf where he began acting in school drama productions at age 17. He was later spotted at a National Eisteddfod of Wales, before studying at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. At age 17, Rheon joined Welsh language soap Pobol Y Cwm, in which he originated the role of Macsen White, but later left to train at LAMDA. His first notable stage part came in Eight Miles High, which was staged in 2008 at the Royal Court Theatre in Liverpool. Also in 2008, he was cast as the haunted Moritz Stiefel in the London production of the Tony Award-winning rock-musical, Spring Awakening. He played this role from January 2009 at the Lyric Hammersmith and continued when the show was transferred to the Novello Theatre, until it closed in May 2009, five months earlier than planned. He earned a What's on Stage Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor in a Musical, which was eventually won by Oliver Thornton (Priscilla Queen of the Desert). For his performance he won the award for Best Supporting Actor in a Musical at the 2010 Olivier Awards. Immediately after Spring Awakening, Rheon was cast in the E4 channel's Misfits, a BAFTA winning program that was described by 247 Magazine as "a mix of Skins and Heroes". He plays nervous, shy Simon Bellamy, who gains the superpower of invisibility and precognition in season 3. On 20 December 2011, Rheon announced via Twitter that he had left the show, along with fellow cast member Antonia Thomas. In 2011 he also appeared in the final episode of Secret Diary of a Call Girl. In 2011, he was nominated for a Golden Nymph in the "Outstanding Actor - Drama Series" category for his role in Misfits as Simon Bellamy. Rheon also made two guest appearances as the character Ben Theodore in Simon Amstell's comedy Grandma's House. In early 2012, Rheon filmed the crime heist drama The Rise. In spring 2012, he began shooting Libertador in Venezuela and Spain. He plays Daniel O'Leary. In May 2012, it was announced that he had signed on to the gritty drama Driven. In 2013, Rheon was cast as the villainous psychopath Ramsay Bolton in the HBO series Game of Thrones. In the DVD commentary for the series' third season, producers David Benioff and D.B. Weiss mentioned that Rheon previously auditioned for the role of Jon Snow in the first season, but lost to Kit Harington, with whom Rheon maintains a close friendship. Due to the vile nature of Bolton's character Rheon said that Bolton deserved his gruesome death in the series, in which he was eaten alive by dogs. He also portrays Ash Weston in the ITV sitcom Vicious. In 2013, Rheon played a lead role in the philosophical radio play, Darkside, based on the themes of Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon album. In September 2014, Rheon joined the cast of BBC One's Our Girl as Dylan "Smurf" Smith. Songwriting and singing since the age of 16, Rheon was lead singer in The Convictions until leaving the band to pursue his acting career. In 2010, he recorded his first solo work, Tongue Tied EP, at RAK Studios in London, produced by Jonathan Quarmby and Kevin Bacon. The EP, a four track release with acoustic guitar and voice, was released digitally in June 2010. He returned to RAK Studios, in April 2011, to record his second EP Changing Times, again produced by Quarmby and Bacon, with the addition of three backing musicians. Changing Times was released on 10 October 2011. On 7 April 2013, Rheon released his third EP Bang! Bang! and on 9 April 2013, released the music video for the title track. Rheon recorded his first album Dinard at RAK Studios in London and Ty Cerdd Studios in Wales. The album was released in April 2015. Rheon is fluent in Welsh and English, with the former being his first language. His older brother, Aled is a musician; the two performed together on the 2015 single "Rhodd". 11. Lena Dunham Producer Writer ActressTiny Furniture (2010) New Yorker Lena Dunham is the daughter of a painter, Carroll Dunham and Laurie Simmons, a designer and photographer. Dunham was educated at Oberlin College, Ohio, graduating with a creative writing degree. It was while at Oberlin that she began writing shorts and feature films. In 2009, Dunham created the web series Delusional Downtown Divas (2009), which gained a cult following. Also in 2009, Dunham released Creative Nonfiction (2009), her first feature film. She went on to write, direct and star in Tiny Furniture (2010), which scored two Independent Spirit Award nominations. In 2012, Dunham came to the attention of a wider audience with the HBO series Girls (2012) created by and starring Dunham and executive produced by Judd Apatow. 12. Mido Hamada ActorAmerican Sniper (2014) Born in Egypt and raised in Germany, Hamada stumbled into acting following a sports injury which led him to study at the Oxford School of Drama in England where his love for the arts and theatre grew. He was cast in plays such as, Spinning Into Butter, Hamlet and Guantanamo at The West End and The Royal Court Theater in England. As Hamada continued his work in theatre, he started to dabble his way into film and television and appeared in the film Sky Captain and The World of Tomorrow alongside Angelina Jolie. He then landed his first TV break in the mini-series "Path to 9/11" alongside Harvey Keitel and Donnie Wahlberg and soon became a series regular on "State of Mind" which paved the way for roles in critically-acclaimed shows, such as "Homeland" and "24" and the mini-series "The Dovekeepers". Hamada portrays Eammon on NBC's "Emerald City" and will appear next on the Starz upcoming series "Counterpart," an espionage thriller with a metaphysical twist. He is an avid Dahn-yogi and is also involved with "The Wolf Connection." a youth empowerment program and wolf dog sanctuary. 13. Brian Geraghty Actor Producer SoundtrackThe Hurt Locker (2008) Originally from New Jersey, Brian Geraghty graduated from The Neighborhood Playhouse School of Theatre and then began his professional career in New York City before moving to Los Angeles. He has previously enjoyed being a surf instructor and continues to surf in his free time. He is perhaps best known for his role "Ronald " on big sky 14. Candice King Actress Producer SoundtrackJuno (2007) Candice Rene King (née Accola) (born May 13, 1987) is an American actress, singer and songwriter, known for portraying the role of Caroline Forbes on The CW's The Vampire Diaries. Candice King was born in Houston, Texas, the daughter of Carolyn (Clark), who was an environmental engineer before becoming a homemaker, and Kevin Accola, a cardio-thoracic surgeon. She has English, Romansh-Swiss, French, and Norwegian ancestry. She grew up in Edgewood, Florida and attended Lake Highland Preparatory School. Both her parents are active members of the local Republican political party. She has one younger brother, Kree Thomas Accola. In December 2006, King released her debut album, It's Always the Innocent Ones, independently in the United States. She co-wrote thirteen of the fourteen tracks on the record. The remaining track was a cover of 'Til Tuesday's hit "Voices Carry (song)." In 2008 the album was re-released in Japan and achieved greater success. King toured as a backing singer for Miley Cyrus's Best of Both Worlds Tour. She appeared as herself in the 2008 3D concert film Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert. In February 2011, King performed a cover of "Eternal Flame" by The Bangles on The Vampire Diaries. King had guest appearances in a number of television series such as How I Met Your Mother, Supernatural and Drop Dead Diva. In July 2009 she starred in the independent horror film Deadgirl which centers on two high school boys who discover an immortal woman in an abandoned asylum. That same year again King had a bit-role in The Hannah Montana Movie. In 2009 she was cast in The CW television series The Vampire Diaries as Caroline Forbes, a teenage vampire. The series was an immediate success with the series premiere reaching 4.91 million viewers. Critical reception for the show was mixed, but as the show commenced, critics were positive. For King's performance, reception from critics and fans alike was very positive and has remained that way, receiving many awards for her performance. In June 2012 she joined the YouTube series Dating Rules From My Future Self as Chloe Cunningham a 26-year-old girl who believes love does not exist. The series centers on a girl receiving romance advice from herself ten years in the future via text message. The first season of the series went on to receive over 14 million views. Candice began dating musician Joe King of The Fray after they met at a Super Bowl event in February 2011. They became engaged in May 2013, and married on October 18, 2014 in New Orleans, Louisiana. Upon her marriage, she became a stepmother to Joe King's two daughters from his first marriage. In August 2015, it was announced that Candice and Joe were expecting their first child together. On January 15, 2016, King gave birth to a daughter which they named Florence May. Along with her The Vampire Diaries co-stars Michael Trevino and Ian Somerhalder, King is a supporter of the It Gets Better Project, which aims to prevent suicide among LGBT youth. Though her parents are Republicans, Candice herself has shown support for President Barack Obama, and supports gay rights. 15. Zoë Wanamaker ActressMy Week with Marilyn (2011) Zoë Wanamaker is an American expatriate actress, who has spend most of her career in the United Kingdom. She has worked extensively in the theatre. She has been nominated for 9 Laurence Olivier Awards, wining twice. She has also been nominated for 4 Tony Awards, without ever winning. In television, she is known for the main role of Susan Harper in the long-running sitcom "My Family" (2000-2011). In 1949, Wanamaker was born in New York City. Her father the American film director Sam Wanamaker (1919 -1993). Sam was born in Chicago to Ukrainian-Jewish immigrants. Wanamaker's mother was the Canadian actress Charlotte Hollan, who was also of Jewish descent. Wanamaker's paternal grandfather was the tailor Maurice Wanamaker, whose original family name was "Watmacher". Sam Wanamaker was a veteran of World War II, and an adherent of communism. In the early 1950s, the United States was experiencing the Second Red Scare. Communists, real or suspected ones, were seen as potential foreign agents and were targeted by political purges. In 1952, Sam was blacklisted in the United States. He decided to settle in the United Kingdom with his family. Zoë consequently settled in the United Kingdom at the age of 3. Wanamaker received her early education at the King Alfred School, a co-educational independent school located in London. She later attended the Sidcot School, a co-educational boarding school located in the village of Winscombe, Somerset. Sidcot was a Quaker school, but was open to students from various faiths and cultures. Sidcot had served as a co-educational school since 1808. one of the earliest British schools of its kind. Following her graduation, Wanamaker pursued a pre-diploma course at the Hornsey College of Art. Having decided to follow an acting career, Wanamaker was trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama. The school had been operating since 1906, when founded by the teacher Elsie Fogerty (1865 -1945). The school was initially based around Fogerty's theories about teaching proper elocution. In the early 1970s, Wanamaker was primarily a theatrical actress. In 1976, she joined the Royal Shakespeare Company. It is a prestigious theatrical company, headquartered in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire. It specializes in performing the plays of William Shakespeare, though it has performed plays by many other playwrights. Wanamaker served as a member until 1984. In 1979, Wanamaker won her first Olivier Award for her role in a revival of the play "Once in a Lifetime" (1930) by Moss Hart (1904 -1961) and George Simon Kaufman (1889-1961). The play is a satire of American show business. It depicts veteran vaudeville performers trying to re-establish their careers in the Hollywood film industry. In the 1980s, Wanamaker frequently appeared in television films and other television production. She played an intelligence agent in the mini-series "Edge of Darkness" (1985), which combined elements from the genres of crime drama, political thriller, and science fiction. She was part of the cast of the historical drama series "Paradise Postponed" (1986), which depicts the changes experienced by British from the 1940s to the 1970s. She was part of the cast in the biographical film "Poor Little Rich Girl: The Barbara Hutton Story" (1987), based on the life and long-term problems of American heiress Barbara Hutton (1912 -1979). She had a one-shot role in the anthology series "Tales of the Unexpected" (1979-1988), which typically adapted short stories into its episodes. In 1991, Wanamaker played manicurist Moyra Henson in the first season of the police procedural "Prime Suspect" (1991-2006). Henson's common-law husband is suspected serial killer George Marlow, and police authorities eventually realize that all the recent victims were Henson's clients. Wanamaker's role was critically well-received. She was nominated for the "British Academy Television Award for Best Actress" for this role, but the award was instead won by her co-star Helen Mirren (1945-). In 1993, Wanamaker had a co-starring role in the drama film "The Countess Alice". In the film, she played Konstanza (nicknamed "Connie"), the German daughter of British aristocrat Countess Alice von Holzendorf (played by Wendy Hiller). Connie investigates her own past and realizes that the real Konstanza died in childhood. She is a child of obscure origins, who was secretly adopted by Alice as a replacement. The film was well-received at the time, though it is mostly remembered for Hiller's last role in a film. In 1997, Wanamaker had a supporting role in the biographical film "Wide", based on the life of the writer Oscar Wilde (1854 -1900). She played the role of the novelist Ada Leverson (1862 -1933), a close friend of Wilde who offered him hospitality when he became an outcast. The film was well-received by critics. Wanamaker was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, but the award was instead won by rival actress Sigourney Weaver (1949-). In 2000, Wanamaker gained a major television role, when cast as Susan Harper in the sitcom "My Family" (2001-2011). Harper was depicted as a tour guide who is married and has three children. Her so-called "control freak" nature often has her clash with her family. Her problems include being married to a husband who clearly does not care about her, and having immature kids. In 2000, Wanamaker finally gained British citizenship, after residing in the country for 48 years. She also maintained her American citizenship. In January 2001, Wanamaker was appointed a "Commander of the Order of the British Empire" for her services to drama. This is a British order of chivalry, rewarding contributions to the arts and sciences. In 2001, Wanamaker had a supporting role in the fantasy film "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", an adaptation of a novel by J. K. Rowling (1965-). Wanamaker played the role of Rolanda Hooch, a Quidditch referee and flying instructor for first-year students at the magic school Hogwarts. The film was a box office hit. Wanamaker did not appear in the film's sequels. In 2005, Wanamaker had a role in the science fiction series "Doctor Who" (2005-) as the villain Lady Cassandra, who is obsessed with prolonging her own life. Wanamaker returned to this role in 2006. Also in 2005, Wanamaker joined the cast of the mysteries series "Agatha Christie's Poirot" (1989-2013) as crime novelist Ariadne Oliver. Oliver was a recurring character created by writer Agatha Christie (1890-1976), and was intended as a self-portrait of Christie. Wanamaker played this role in 6 feature-length episodes, broadcast from 2005 to 2013. Oliver was depicted as a close friend and ally of detective Hercule Poirot (played by David Suchet). In 2008, Wanamaker voiced the blind seeress Theresa in the role-playing video game "Fable II". Her character guides the game's protagonist through its story. The video game was quite successful. Wanamaker returned to this role in two of the game's sequels: "Fable III" (2010), and Fable: The Journey (2012). This has been Wanamaker's most prominent performance in voice acting. In 2011, Wanamaker had a supporting role in the drama film "My Week with Marilyn", which depicted Marilyn Monroe brief stay in the United Kingdom during the shooting of the classic film "The Prince and the Showgirl" (1957). Wanamaker played the role of Paula Strasberg (1909-1966), Monroe's acting coach. The film performed well at the box office, and was critically acclaimed. In 2015, Wanamaker joined the cast of the period drama series "Mr Selfridge" (2013-2016). The series was based on the life of retail magnate Harry Gordon Selfridge (1858-1947). Wanamaker played the role of Princess Marie Wiasemsky de Bolotoff, a Russian aristocrat who serves at the mother-in-law of Rosalie Selfridge. In 2018, Wanamaker gained the major role of Queen Antedia in the historical fantasy series "Britannia" (2018-).Antedia was depicted as the Queen regnant of the Regni tribe, a Celtic tribe struggling against the rival Cantii tribe. As of 2021, Wanamaker is 72-years-old. She has never retired from acting, and continues to appear regularly in television. She is quite familiar to the British public, through decades of notable roles. 16. Siobhan Fallon Hogan Actress Writer ProducerRushed (2021) Siobhan Fallon Hogan has been seen in several blockbusters over the past twenty five years. Her many film and television credits include "Men In Black," "Forrest Gump," "SNL," "Seinfeld, "Holes", "Eileen," "New In Town," and "Wayward Pines." She has done several foreign films including three with Denmark's Lars von Trier in "Dancer Dark," "Dogville" and "The House that Jack Built" and Michael Haneke's "Funny Games." Fallon Hogan has been recently seen in William Oldroyd's Sundance hit "Eileen starring Anne Hathaway. "Vanity Fair" review said, "The great Siobhan Fallon Hogan who practically walks off with the movie after a mere few line readings." Other recent films include work Johnny Depp in "The Professor", FX's "What We Do in The Shadows" and in Paramount Pictures "Clifford the Big Red Dog". Fallon Hogan wrote, produced and plays the lead role in her film, "RUSHED" released in 2021 by Vertical Entertainment in theaters and now streaming on Amazon in the USA and in 20 countries. Emerald Caz Productions and Lars von Trier's Zentropa Entertainment co produced "RUSHED" with a critic score of 90% critics rating on Rotten Tomatoes and 89% audience. Fallon Hogan's has penned and produced a second film "Shelter in Solitude" directed by Vibeke Muasya starring Robert Patrick, Peter Macon, Peter Hogan, Jr. and Fallon Hogan. It premiered at Kevin Smith's SModCastle Film Festival and will be seen Spring 2023 at the Craicfest in NYC, Boston Film Festival and many others and is awaiting distribution. Siobhan was born in 1961 in Syracuse, New York, to Jane (Eagan) and William J. Fallon, an attorney, and is the second of five children. A graduate of LeMoyne College in Syracuse, she received her M.F.A. from Catholic University. She began her career on stage in her own character-driven, one-women shows. After appearing in her show "Bat Girl," she was cast on SNL and Seinfeld in 1992. These shows opened many doors for Fallon, and she then began to work steadily in film. Fallon Hogan has been married to Peter Hogan for over twenty thirty years. They have three children: Bernadette Hogan, Pete Hogan and Sinead Hogan. 17. Mark Heap Actor WriterStardust (2007) Mark Heap was born on 13 May 1957 in Kodaikanal, Tamil Nadu, India. He is an actor and writer, known for Stardust (2007), Green Wing (2004) and Lark Rise to Candleford (2008). 18. Tommy Dorfman Actress Director Writer13 Reasons Why (2017–2020) Tommy Dorfman is an actress, writer, photographer, and director from Atlanta, GA. She graduated with a degree in acting from Fordham University in 2015. First known for her role as Ryan Shaver on 13 Reasons Why, Tommy has since worked in television, film, and theater - recently starring in Jeremy O. Harris' hit play Daddy at The Signature. She has photographed the cover of Paper Magazine, Fucking Young!, and American studies and appeared in ad campaigns for Calvin Klein and Fendi. She lives between Los Angeles, California, and New York City with her dogs, Dabbs and Fiona. 19. Hunter Parrish Actor Soundtrack17 Again (2009) Hunter Parrish Tharp is an American actor and singer. He is known for playing the role of Silas Botwin in the Showtime series Weeds and for his performances in the Broadway productions of Godspell in the role of Jesus and Spring Awakening as Melchior. Parrish was born in Richmond. 20. Frances Barber Actress SoundtrackGoal! (2005) Frances Barber has worked in a string of award-winning productions for the National Theatre and the Royal Shakespeare Company, taking roles as diverse as Eliza in Pygmalion and Lady Macbeth in Macbeth. Among her film appearances are roles in Stephen Frears' Prick Up Your Ears (1987) and Sammy and Rosie Get Laid (1987), Dennis Potter's Secret Friends (1991) and John Irvine's Shiner (2000) with Michael Caine, Peter Greenaway's A Zed & Two Noughts (1985), Peter Capaldi's Soft Top Hard Shoulder (1992), and Still Crazy (1998). Most recently she has appeared in Mauvaise passe (1999) (The Escort) with Daniel Auteuil and Esther Kahn (2000). Frances made her television breakthrough in Mike Leigh's Home Sweet Home (1982). Subsequent TV work includes Kenneth Branagh's Twelfth Night, or What You Will (1988) as Viola, a role she reprised for Branagh on stage, BBC's Annie Besant, Inspector Morse (1987), Spitting Image (1984) and the BBC's adaptation of the Nancy Mitford classic Love in a Cold Climate (2001). On stage, Frances won the 1984 Olivier award for Most Promising Newcomer as Marguerite in the RSC production of Camille. She has worked in some of the UK's most prestigious theatres, including the Royal National Theatre, the RSC, Hull Truck, Oxford Playhouse, the Royal Exchange, the Donmar Warehouse and the Royal Court. Frances was most recently seen on stage in Patrick Marber's production of Closer at The Lyric, Hammersmith. She attended Bangor university. 21. Senta Berger Actress Producer SoundtrackUnter Verdacht (2002–2019) Senta Berger was born in 1941 in Vienna, Austria to her father Josef Berger who was a musician and her mother Therese Berger, a school teacher. Senta and her father performed together when she was just four years old. She sang and her dad played the piano. At five years old, she took ballet lessons and at 14, Berger turned to acting taking private lessons. She left her private school education at 16. In 1957, Berger was discovered by famous director Willi Forst and played a small role in a film. She was accepted to the Max Reinhardt Seminar. In 1958, Berger was the youngest member at the Vienna Theater in Josefstadt. Director Bernhard Wicki and producer Artur Brauner sought after Senta producing the film The Good Soldier, by Heinz Rühmann. It succeeded and Brauner used her in several films. In 1962, Berger moved to Hollywood and starred with Charlton Heston, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Richard Harris, George Hamilton, Kirk Douglas, John Wayne and Yul Brynner. In 1969 she returned to Europe and was seen during the 1970's in Italian productions of various genres. In 1967, she returned to the silver screen with an Alain Delon film. In 1968, Berger played in the three-part thriller Babeck by Herbert Reinecker. 1970 was her debut as Producer of her own company. As director she put her husband's film before the camera. Further, international successful of films of her production company have included The White Rose, The Nasty Girl and Mother Courage. In addition, Berger expanded her European career in France and Italy. The birth of her two sons, Simon (b. 1972) and Luca (b. 1979) prompted Berger to turn back to the theater. In 1985/86, she managed her TV comeback in front of the German-speaking audience in the television series Kir Royal co-starring with Franz Xaver Kroetz , Dieter Hildebrandt and Billie Zöckler. Many TV series guest appearances followed. 22. Jake Borelli ActorGrey's Anatomy (2017–2024) Jake Borelli was born on 13 May 1991 in Ohio, USA. He is an actor, known for Grey's Anatomy (2005), The Thing About Harry (2020) and #Realityhigh (2017). 23. Buck Taylor Actor Art Department Additional CrewCowboys & Aliens (2011) National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum "Hall of Great Western Performers" Inductee, and Multi-Western Heritage Award Winner, most recently for roles in the critically acclaimed movie Hell or High Water (2016) (Outstanding Theatrical, 2017), The Road to Valhalla (2013) (Outstanding Documentary, 2015) and Truce (2005) (Outstanding Theatrical, 2007), Buck Taylor is an All-Around Western Enthusiast and Cowboy at heart. Born on May 13, 1938 in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California as Walter Clarence Taylor III, he is most notably known for his work on the beloved television western Gunsmoke (1955). He tours the United States promoting awareness for organizations that support our Men and Women in Blue, our brave Military Veterans and those deployed protecting America's Freedoms. Buck Taylor is a Artist who continues to attend annual shows and events, such as the Fort Worth Stock Show & Rodeo, to promote our Western Heritage through his watercolor paintings in between movie roles. He has been married to Goldie Ann Mauldin since 1995. 24. Tom Verica Actor Producer DirectorBridgerton (2020–2022) Tom Verica is a true multi-hyphenate with an illustrious career as a gifted actor, director and executive producer. Currently, he is the Head of Creative Production for Shondaland/Netflix. Among his roles in creative leadership, Tom serves as Executive Producer and director on three worldwide smash successes for Shondaland/Netflix including QUEEN CHARLOTTE, of which Verica directed all episodes of the critically acclaimed series, BRIDGERTON, and INVENTING ANNA, for which he was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Limited Series as an Executive Producer and a Directors Guild Award for Best Director of a Limited Series. Other work with longtime collaborator, Shonda Rhimes, include Executive Producer/Director of SCANDAL and FOR THE PEOPLE. Verica has helmed over one hundred hours of television, with both pilots and episodes to his credit, including THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY, GREY'S ANATOMY, BOSTON LEGAL, UGLY BETTY, and AMERICAN DREAMS among others. As an actor, Tom has an extensive career in film, stage and television. Notable tv performances include the role of Sam Keating, opposite Viola Davis as her husband, in HOW TO GET AWAY WITH MURDER on ABC; Jack Pryor, family patriarch, in the renowned, historical drama, AMERICAN DREAMS on NBC; and, as NASA astronaut, Dick Gordon, in the HBO, Emmy Award winning mini-series, FROM THE EARTH TO THE MOON with Tom Hanks. Additional tv highlights include WILL & GRACE, THE NAKED TRUTH, LA LAW, CENTRAL PARK WEST, THE NINE, PROVIDENCE and the iconic 'conversion' episode of SEINFELD. Feature film acting credits include ZODIAC helmed by David Fincher, FLAGS OF OUR FATHERS directed by Clint Eastwood, MURDER BY NUMBERS, RED DRAGON, and DIE HARD 2, In theatre, Tom has performed on and Off-Broadway in numerous stage plays including the Tony-nominated Broadway production of Craig Lucas' PRELUDE TO A KISS. Tom is an advocate for the development, mentorship and inclusion of new directors. Aligned with this mission, he works with numerous programs including the Directors Guild of America, SeriesFest Women Directing Mentorship and The Latinx House at Sundance Institute. Currently, he serves on the DGA Television Creative Rights Committee and has a long history as a champion of directors' educational and equity programming across the entertainment industry. He is a proud member of the DGA, PGA and SAG/AFTRA. 25. Zlatko Buric ActorTriangle of Sadness (2022) Zlatko Buric was born on 13 May 1953 in Osijek, Croatia, Yugoslavia. He is an actor, known for Triangle of Sadness (2022), Pusher (1996) and 2012 (2009). 26. Zohra Lampert ActressLet's Scare Jessica to Death (1971) Solemn-looking Middle Eastern-looking Zohra Lampert, with the prominent cheek bones and soothing voicer, had a touching, understated quality to her talent that should have gone further in the film business than it did. Somehow she never got the breaks necessary for top-flight stardom. Still and all, this comely actress with soft, vulnerable features managed to contribute a number of genuinely affecting performances, particularly on TV. Born in New York City on May 13, 1937, Zohra was the daughter of Russian-born hardware store owners. She attended Manhattan's High School of Music and Art and later graduated from the University of Chicago. A one-time member of Chicago's Second City comedy troupe, she had a stint with the Lincoln Center Repertory Theatre before turning to Broadway and making her 1958 debut in the play "Maybe Tuesday." She was quickly nominated for two consecutive Tony awards for her superb work in "Look: We've Come Through" (1961) and "Mother Courage and Her Children" (1963), then continued with poignant performances in such productions as "After the Fall" (1964), "Lovers and Other Strangers" (1968) and "The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window" (1972). Following occasional TV guest parts on such programs as "Ford Star Jubilee" and "Decoy," Zohra made a minor film debut in Odds Against Tomorrow (1959). She received much more attention with her humble, deeply stirring performance as Ernest Borgnine's Italian wife in the minor crime story Pay or Die! (1960), then quietly stole a touching scene towards the end of the film Splendor in the Grass (1961) from both Natalie Wood and Warren Beatty as Beatty's careworn spouse. Those two performances alone should have lifted her to the heights, but they didn't. A chameleon-like actress who didn't quite fit into the Hollywood structure as a star personality, Lampert, perhaps because of her ethnic looks, was passed over in such films as Posse from Hell (1961) and Hey, Let's Twist! (1961), A Fine Madness (1966), Bye Bye Braverman (1968) and Some Kind of a Nut (1969). She did score with a neurotic title lead in the low-budgeted cult chiller Let's Scare Jessica to Death (1971). She seemed to favor the small screen for the most part in the 60's and 70's. She was performing primarily on the small screen in offbeat lead or character roles on such popular programs as "Route 66," "The Defenders," "United States Steel Hour," "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour," "Dr. Kildare," "Naked City," "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.," "I Spy," "Then Came Bronson," "Love, American Style," "The Bob Newhart Show," "Quincy" and an Emmy-winning guest performance as a gypsy in "Kojak." She also was a part of two short-lived series: The Girl with Something Extra (1973) starring Sally Field and Doctors' Hospital (1975). Lampert graced several TV movies as a second lead or support player including Lady Oscar (1979), The Suicide's Wife (1979), The Girl, the Gold Watch & Everything (1980), The Girl, the Gold Watch & Dynamite (1981) and Izzy & Moe (1985). In later years, she was reduced to featured status in films and found some earthy, quirky ladies to inhabit in such films as Alphabet City (1984), Teachers (1984), American Blue Note (1989), Stanley & Iris (1990), The Exorcist III (1990), Alan & Naomi (1992), Last Supper (1992) and The Eden Myth (1999). Better remembered for her spokeswoman for the Goya Beans commercials in the 1980's, she left the screen willfully in the late 1990's for nearly a decade, but returned for only three films - The Hungry Ghosts (2009), Zenith (2010) and the barely seen Sexual Secrets (2014). She was married twice, divorcing "Second City" comedy co-founder Bill Alton and later marrying radio host and singer Jonathan Schwartz in 2010. 27. Fred Melamed Actor Producer WriterA Serious Man (2009) Revered character actor Fred Melamed was born in New York City. His birth-parents were unmarried; an American actress and British psychoanalyst. He was adopted as an infant by Manhattanites Lou and Syma Melamed (nee Krichefsky). His adoptive father was an early television producer, having contributed such watershed programs as Car 54, Where Are You?, Sergeant Bilko and Let's Pretend. Fred received his theatrical training at Hampshire College and the Yale School of Drama. While still at Hampshire, he began working with playwrights Jean-Claude Van Itallie and John Guare. He was also influenced by members of The Living Theatre, and Tina Packer and Kristin Linklater, with whom he became a founding member of Shakespeare & Company. For his work with Packer, he was nominated for the Irene Ryan Award, a prize for the most promising young actors in the United States. At Yale, he was a Samuel F. B. Morse Graduate Fellow, and was much influenced by resident artists James Earl Jones, John Madden, Athol Fugard and George Roy Hill. Immediately after graduation, he became a company member of Minneapolis' famed Guthrie Theater, also performing at The Kennedy Center, The Yale Repertory Theater, and New York's West Bank Cafe. In 1983, he made his Broadway debut in the Tony Award-Winning Amadeus. On television, Melamed stars on the Marvel blockbuster WandaVision, the Netflix original series Medical Police, and the Apple+ hit The Morning Show. Past starring parts have included benighted manager Bruce Ben-Bacharach in Lady Dynamite, errant father Charles Cole on the Golden Globe-nominated Casual, and major roles in Emmy-winning programs Fargo, Girls, Brooklyn Nine Nine, New Girl, The Good Wife, and Adventure Time. Other memorable turns have included Larry David's name-dropping psychiatrist Arthur Thurgood from Curb Your Enthusiasm, Ben's father on Superstore, conman Harvey Oberholt on House of Lies, Sir Patrick Stewart's high-strung therapist Dr. Mendelson on Starz's Blunt Talk, sports casting legend Glen Klose on Now We're Talking, philandering professor Donald Holt on Married, blind physician Leonard Hillman on Childrens Hospital, and irascible voiceover legend Fred Melamed opposite Robin Williams on The Crazy Ones. In film, Melamed has had a long association with Woody Allen. He has appeared in 7 Allen films, (more than any other actor besides Mia Farrow and Diane Keaton), including the Oscar-winning Hannah and Her Sisters, Another Woman, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Radio Days, Husbands & Wives, Hollywood Ending, and Shadows and Fog. But it was for his portrayal of "sensitive" villain Sy Ableman, in Joel and Ethan Coen's movie A Serious Man, nominated for Best Picture at the 2010 Academy Awards, that Melamed became most widely known. For his performance, he won the Independent Spirit Robert Altman Award, New York Magazine listed his as among the Best Performances of The Decade, and Empire called Sy Ableman "One of The Best Coen Bros. Characters of All Time." Melamed appeared on the Best Supporting Actor Oscar ballot of several American critics, including A.O. Scott of The New York Times, Roger Ebert of The Chicago Sun-Times, and Michael Phillips of The Chicago Tribune. He was named by Harry Domenico Rossi as among The 25 Greatest Screen Villains of All Time. His slate of upcoming films includes Togetherish, where he plays lead Ed Helms's father opposite Nora Dunn; Shiva Baby, in which he portrays an Orthodox Jew who sells medical equipment out of the back of a van; Marzipan, a hallucinogenic look into the life of a washed-up, alcoholic spy; and Rumble, the first feature from Paramount's new animation department, with Will Arnett and Terry Crews. In 2021, Melamed is slated to star in S. Craig Zahler's Hug Chickenpenny, opposite Vince Vaughn. This will be his fourth collaboration with Zahler - previous works have included Dragged Across Concrete, Brawl in Cell Block 99 and Bone Tomahawk. In the past, he starred opposite Lake Bell as voiceover legend Sam Sotto in Bell's Sundance Award-winning debut, In a World...; in The Spy Who Dumped Me with Kate McKinnon and Mila Kunis; the Coen brothers' Hail Caesar, with George Clooney; Lying and Stealing, opposite Emily Ratajkowski and Theo James; Silver Lake, with Martin Starr; the James Brown biopic Get On Up; The Dictator, with Sacha Baron Cohen and Sir Ben Kingsley; Peter Yates' Suspect, with Cher, Dennis Quaid and Liam Neeson; The Good Mother, with Diane Keaton and Jason Robards; The Mission, with Robert De Niro and Jeremy Irons; The Pickup Artist, with Robert Downey, Jr. and Dennis Hopper; and Marshall Brickman's Lovesick, with Dudley Moore and Sir Alec Guinness. As a writer, he has produced screenplays including Girl of the Perfume River, A Jones for Gash, and is at work on The Preservationist, a television series inspired by the case of Melamed's college friend, Edward Forbes Smiley III, a renowned cartographic expert and dealer, who admitted to having been the most brazen and prolific map thief of all time. He lives with his wife, Leslee, and twin sons in Los Angeles. Both Melamed children were born with autism, and he and his wife have been involved in advocacy for persons living with autism spectrum disorder and their families. 28. Joe Johnston Director Visual Effects ProducerCaptain America: The First Avenger (2011) Joseph Eggleston Johnston II is an American film director from Texas who is known for directing the cult classic film The Rocketeer, Jumanji, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, The Wolfman, October Sky, The Pagemaster, Jurassic Park III and Captain America: The First Avenger. He was an art director for Raiders of the Lost Ark and the Star Wars original trilogy. 29. Sunny Leone Actress Director ProducerLies: Diary of an Escort (2011) Born in Ontario, Canada, Sunny Leone grew up in idyllic surroundings, loving the cold Canadian winters and the snow that came with them. Building snowmen and ice skating were regular activities outside the Leone household every November through March. With a love for sports, singing and dancing, young Sunny was a consummate performer, basking in the attention it brought her and eating up every word of praise that came her way. Everything changed in 1996, when her family packed up and moved to Southern California. It was a difficult adjustment for the little Canadian girl, whose innocence and naiveté were less than fully appreciated by her new high school classmates. In addition, her adopted hometown lacked the change of seasons she so loved in the Old Country. Sunny persevered, however, and after graduating in 1999, enrolled in a local junior college. After a friend told her she should try modeling - a natural choice for a young beauty - she found a contact who specialized in adult entertainment and decided to give it a try. Though initially wary of taking her clothes off and striking suggestive poses for the camera, curiosity got the better of her and she dived in full force, quickly becoming one of the most sought-after adult models. In 2001 Sunny was named Penthouse Pet of the Month for the March issue, and numerous layouts in other magazines soon followed, including "Cheri", "High Society", "Swank", "Leg World", "Hustler" and "Club International". She also appeared in the Penthouse: Pets in Paradise (2001) home video, as well as Ja Rule's "Livin' It Up" music video. In 2005, Sunny Leone entered the adult film industry and worked her way to the top, becoming one of the most successful pornstars in the world. In addition to acting in adult films, Leone produced and directed over 60 films under her production company, Sun Lust Pictures. In 2011, Sunny set off to India to appear in the reality TV show Bigg Boss, it was here where her fortune changed and she was offered the lead role in an upcoming erotic thriller, Jism 2 by Indian filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt. Following on from the success of Jism 2, Sunny dedicated herself to Indian cinema making appearances not just in Bollywood films but regional cinema with special appearances in song and dance numbers . Her third feature role in Ragini MMS 2 garnered her more praise and box office success. As of 2016 she has appeared in over 20 Indian films and will be seen in some big projects in 2017, most notably Raees (2017) starring Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan. A documentary titled Mostly Sunny (2016) released at the Toronto International Film Festival and charted her meteoric rise from pornstar to Bollywood star. 30. Eloise DeJoria Actress ProducerWeekend at Bernie's (1989) Texas native Eloise DeJoria made her film debut in Songwriter, starring Willie Nelson. Other feature credits include Weekend at Bernie's, Grand Champion, Don't Mess with the Zohan, Wall Street (Money Never Sleeps), and Wild Hearts. Her latest picture, When Angels Sing, based on Turk Pipkin's classic Christmas story, stars Texas greats Willie Nelson, Lyle Lovett, Marcia Ball, Kris Kristofferson, and Harry Connick, Jr. (from next-door Louisiana). The movie was directed by Tim McCanlies, and was produced by Austinites Elizabeth Avelan, Shannon Macintosh and Fred Miller. Eloise's lifestyle has been featured on 20/20 with Barbara Walters, "E" Entertainment, and in many national and international publications. She is widely recognized as the spokes model for Paul Mitchell Hair care products in television and print ads. Her number one priority and joy is raising John Anthony, her 14 year-old son with John Paul De Joria, and being mother and grandmother to their large combined family. She enjoys the outdoors, staying fit, and eating healthy. Eloise is proud of her work at The Arbor Recovery Center in Georgetown, Texas, where she partners with her son Justin and recovery expert Jim Walker. She loves her time spent with eldest son Michael, who lives nearby with his family and works in the family business, John Paul Pet. She is also known for her contributions and charitable work with local groups including Help Clifford Help Kids, The Palmer Drug Abuse Program, The Austin Recovery Center, The Austin Children's Shelter, Helping Hands, as well as Club 100, Long Center for the Performing Arts, The Paramount Theater, and The Austin Film Society. 31. Caitlin McHugh Actress Writer SoundtrackI Am Legend (2007) Caitlin McHugh was born on 13 May 1986 in Altadena, California, USA. She is an actress and writer, known for I Am Legend (2007), Alleged (2012) and Random Tropical Paradise (2017). She has been married to John Stamos since 3 February 2018. They have one child. She was previously married to Massimo Lusardi. 32. Stephen Colbert Writer Producer ActorThe Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–2021) Stephen Tyrone Colbert (pronounced "cole-BEAR") was born on May 13, 1964 in Washington, D.C., and grew up in Charleston, South Carolina. He is the son of Lorna Elizabeth (Tuck) and James William Colbert, Jr., a doctor and medical school dean at Yale, Saint Louis University, and MUSC. He is the youngest of eleven children, and is of Irish Catholic background. Stephen studied acting at Northwestern and performed with the Second City comedy troupe in Chicago before teaming up with fellow cast members Amy Sedaris and Paul Dinello to create the sketch comedy Exit 57 (1995) for Comedy Central. During its two-season run in the mid-1990s, it garnered five CableACE nominations for best writing, performing, and comedy series. After the demise of Exit 57 (1995) from 1997 (until his departure in October 2005), Stephen was a correspondent on The Daily Show (1996), then hosted by Craig Kilborn. Initially billed as "The New Guy," Stephen became the show's longest-running correspondent before getting his own show, The Colbert Report (2005), which has done well in its slot following The Daily Show (1996). At the time he left The Daily Show (1996), Stephen had been its longest-running and most diverse correspondent. In addition to his role as Senior Political Correspondent, he was one of the hosts of "Even Stepheven," a point-counterpoint assault featuring co-correspondent Steve Carell, and the host of "This Week in God," a recurring segment in which he reported on all things theological with the assistance of the "God Machine." Stephen helped The Daily Show (1996) win numerous Emmy and Peabody Awards and contributed to "America (The Book): A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction" (Warner Books) which immediately topped the New York Times bestseller list and stayed there for 15 consecutive weeks. His personality, intelligence, and leftist political satire could only have led him to The Colbert Report (2005), a half-hour nightly platform for him to give his tongue-in-cheek take on the issues of the day, and more importantly, to tell you why he thinks everyone else's take is just plain wrong. His other notable credits include serving as both writer and cast member on The Dana Carvey Show (1996), writing for Saturday Night Live (1975), and providing the voice of Ace in Robert Smigel's "Ambiguously Gay Duo," which originated on The Dana Carvey Show (1996) and was a semi-regular feature in Smigel's "TV Funhouse" segment on SNL. He was also featured on "Mr. Goodwrench" commercials (2003-2005). Stephen lives in northern New Jersey with his wife and three children. 33. David Simon Writer Producer Additional CrewThe Wire (2002–2008) David Simon was born on 13 May 1960 in Washington, District of Columbia, USA. He is a writer and producer, known for The Wire (2002), Homicide: Life on the Street (1993) and The Corner (2000). He has been married to Laura Lippman since 3 October 2006. They have one child. 34. Tim Pigott-Smith Actor Additional CrewV for Vendetta (2005) A familiar patrician-looking face both here and abroad, blue-eyed, fair-haired classical stage and TV actor Tim Pigott-Smith, the son of a journalist, was born on in Rugby, Warwickshire, on May 13, 1946. The Britisher attended King Edward VI School in Stratford-upon-Avon, graduated from Bristol University in 1967, and then receiving his acting training at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. In later years, he would return to Bristol University as a lecturer. Tim made his professional debut in 1969 with the Bristol Old Vic under the stage name of "Tim Smith" and was predominantly a stage player in both regional and repertory companies. He focused quite strongly on Shakespeare and Greek plays and went on to play Balthazar in "Much Ado About Nothing" for the Prospect touring company as well as Posthumus in a 1974 production of "Cymbeline" for the Royal Shakespeare Company. He made his Broadway debut that same year in "Sherlock Holmes" as Dr. Watson opposite John Wood. Over the years, he would act alongside most of England's grande dame royalty including Judi Dench, Helen Mirren, Geraldine James, Margaret Tyzack, Peggy Ashcroft, Maggie Smith and Penelope Wilton. A charming, distinguished presence on stage, Tim was invited by an ailing Anthony Quayle to take over the running of the Compass theatre company founded by him in 1984 and served as its artistic director from 1989-1992. A theatre director as well ("Hamlet," and "A Royal Hunt of the Sun"), he would take several Shakespearean classics later to BBC-TV. He, in fact, started his small screen career in secondary Shakespeare roles as Laertes in Hamlet (1970) opposite Ian McKellen in the title role and Proculeius in Antony and Cleopatra (1974) starring Richard Johnson and Janet Suzman. He transitioned into more prominent BBC roles with his Angelo in Measure for Measure (1979) and Hotspur in The First Part of King Henry the Fourth, with the Life and Death of Henry Surnamed Hotspur (1979). Aside from Tim's theatre work, quality TV remained an extremely successful venue for decades with impressive performances in such prestigious min-series as North & South (1975), The Glittering Prizes (1976), The Lost Boys (1978), Danger UXB (1979), Winston Churchill: The Wilderness Years (1981), Fame Is the Spur (1982), I Remember Nelson (1982), The Jewel in the Crown (1984) (BAFTA-TV as sadistic villain Ronald Merrick) and The Challenge (1986). He enjoyed recurring roles on the TV series Doctor Who (1963), Hannah (1980) and regular roles in the short-lived comedy Struggle (1983), the drama The Chief (1990) and with The Vice (1999). His mellifluous voice was also popular on many BBC radio productions, in audio books, as well as serving as a narrator on such documentary series as Crimes That Shook the World (2006) and Doomsday: World War I (2013) Film work began in the 1970's but remained far and few and less distinguished with his minor participation in Aces High (1976), Joseph Andrews (1977), Sweet William (1980), Clash of the Titans (1981), Richard's Things (1980), Victory (1981) and The Remains of the Day (1993). He did enjoy a prime role in the nuclear drama A State of Emergency (1985) starring opposite Martin Sheen and Peter Firth. Pigott-Smith remained a strong, vibrant present on the stage throughout his career. In later years, he played in such contemporary plays as "Benefactors" (1984), "Coming in to Land" (1987) opposite Ms. Smith and "Amadeus" as composer Salieri. He also portrayed Leontes in "The Winter's Tale" (1988) and scored critical acclaim in the 1999 version of "The Iceman Cometh" (both London and Broadway) and with Ms. Mirren in an over four-hour production of "Mourning Becomes Electra." Into the millennium, he was seen in "Julius Caesar" (as Cassius, 2001), "A Christmas Carol" (as Scrooge, 2002), "Women Beware Women" (2006), "Enron" (2009), "Educating Rita" (2010), "A Delicate Balance" (2011), "King Lear" (title role, 2011), "The Tempest" (as Prospero, 2012), the Chorus in "Henry V" in 2013, and earned both Olivier and Tony nominations here and abroad for his powerful portrayal of King Charles III (2015). Tim became an RSC Associate Artist in 2012, and served on both the RSC board (from 2005 until 2011) and as a governor from 2005 until his retirement in 2016. On film in later years, he often appeared in official high-ranking parts. His list of movies include Martin Scorsese's Gangs of New York (2002), The Four Feathers (2002), the historical Greek biopic Alexander (2004) starring Colin Farrell, V for Vendetta (2005), Flyboys (2006), Quantum of Solace (2008), Alice in Wonderland (2010), RED 2 (2013), Jupiter Ascending (2015) and Whisky Galore! (2016). He also graced such TV shows as "Downtown Abbey" and recreated his stage triumph in the title role of King Charles III (2017) which earned him a second BAFTA-TV nomination. Tim was in rehearsals for an upcoming stage performance of "Death of a Salesman" as Willy Loman in London when he died suddenly of natural causes on April 7, 2017, at age 70. He was survived by his actress wife Pamela Miles and their son Tom Pigott Smith, a concert/studio violinist. 35. Leonidas Gulaptis Actor Writer ProducerA Nice Girl Like You (2020) Leonidas Gulaptis was born in Grafton, New South Wales, Australia. He is an actor and writer, known for A Nice Girl Like You (2020), The Answer (2015) and Run the World (2021). 36. Ava Acres Actress Writer SoundtrackOnce Upon a Time (2016– ) Ava Acres is one of Hollywood's most versatile young actors. She played "Madeline" in American Horror Story: Hotel, young "Queen Regina" in ABC's Once Upon a Time, and recurred as young "Rebecca" in CW's award winning musical comedy Crazy Ex Girlfriend. Ava's recent credits include a recurring role on Ryan Murphy's 9-1-1 (Fox), Handsome: A NETFLIX Murder Mystery, and Wet Hot American Summer: Ten Years Later. Ava can also be seen as the evil supervillain Katya in MARVEL's Agents of Shield., and appeared in season 7 of Mad Men as Susie. Ava played a young Shailene Woodley in White Bird In A Blizzard (Gregg Araki, dir.), and Daniel Bruhl's daughter in the feature film Face Of An Angel (Michael Winterbottom, dir.) She starred in Ron Howard produced short film Evermore, played Naya Rivera's daughter in the thriller At The Devil's Door (Nicholas McCarthy, dir.), and played the lead role in a short directed by Demi Moore for Lifetime's FIVE - an anthology of short films exploring the impact of breast cancer. In one of her earliest film roles, Ava shared the screen with Academy Award winner Anna Paquin in the feature Free Ride (Shana Betz, dir.). Other television work includes a Tales From The Darkside pilot for CBS, a series regular role on the Fox comedy pilot Outnumbered, roles on Weeds, Harry's Law, Criminal Minds, and more. Ava enjoys singing, piano, ukulele, dance, and is an avid writer. Ava is also an accomplished Voice Over Actor, portraying young Erik in the film Happy Feet Two, recurring as Young Marceline in Primetime Emmy Award winning Cartoon Network's Adventure Time, performed as Sayaka in the Academy Award Nominated film by Studio Ghibli "When Marnie Was There", portrayed multiple roles in the Primetime Emmy Award winning hit show Family Guy, as well as voicing over 50 ADR roles in all genres of film and television. Ava and her older sister, Isabella, were both discovered while performing at a children's community theater in Hollywood, CA. Ava quickly booked her first commercial at age 3, her first Series Regular Role in FOX's Outnumbered by age 6, and her career continues to grow. When not acting in front of the camera, Ava writes, produces, and directs her own short films. 37. Alexa Sutherland Actress WriterThe Baxters (2024– ) Alexa Sutherland was born in the USA. She is an actress and writer, known for The Baxters (2024), Cheerleader Conspiracy (2022) and Speechless (2016). 38. Brian Thomas Smith Actor Producer WriterThe Big Bang Theory (2010–2019) Brian Thomas Smith was born on 13 May 1977 in St. Louis, Missouri, USA. He is an actor and producer, known for The Big Bang Theory (2007), Danny Collins (2015) and The Wedding Party (2016). 39. Alan Ball Producer Writer Additional CrewAmerican Beauty (1999) Alan Ball is an American writer, director, and producer who is known for writing the acclaimed film American Beauty and creating the HBO series True Blood starring Anna Paquin. He also wrote the films Towelhead and Uncle Frank. He also created Here and Now, Six Feet Under, and Banshee. He won awards for American Beauty and True Blood. 40. Melinda Casey Additional Crew Actress Second Unit Director or Assistant DirectorThe Outer Limits (1964– ) Melinda Casey was born on 13 May 1941 in Abilene, Texas, USA. She is an actress and assistant director, known for The Outer Limits (1963), Chicago Calling (1951) and The Green-Eyed Blonde (1957). She was previously married to Philip J Casey III and Robert Sherrill Ballew. 41. Hugo Becker Actor Producer DirectorL'assaut (2010) Becker attended the Conservatory of dramatic art in France, the court Florent (Olga Hörstig Prize) and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art of London. He was part of the promotion of Young Talents Cannes in 2010. That same year, he made his debut on screen in a variety of roles. He played a young politician in L'Assaut, directed by Julien Leclercq, an alcoholic hitchhiker in La Proie, directed by Eric Valette, a student in Marie-Castille Mention Schaar's Ma Première Fois and a young businessman in La Croisière, by Pascale Pouzadoux. In 2010, he made his debut in Hollywood, playing Louis Grimaldi, Prince of Monaco, in the CW drama Gossip Girl. Initially, he signed on for two episodes in the fourth season. Later, his role was extended for another eighteen episodes. In 2011, he played Xavier in the American film Damsels in Distress, directed by Whit Stillman (Oscar nominated for his film Metropolitan). The film closed the 68th Venice Film Festival and was selected at the Toronto Film Festival. In 2012, Becker starred as Antoine Lavoisier in the American docufiction Mystery of the Matter, directed by Mr. Meyer. In 2013, Hugo played Isaac Dreyfuss, a football star involved in a terrorist affair, for two episodes of a BBC3 series. In 2014, he played the role of Romain in the 6 episodes of the miniseries Chefs alongside Clovis Cornillac, for which he received the Adami Prize for the best promising actor at the Luchon festival. In 2015, he played the lead role in the 12 episodes French series entitled Au service de la France, written by Jean-François Halin, for the role of André Merlaux, a young recruit of the French secret service, in the year 1960. In 2016, he began playing the role of Cyril Balsan in the political drama series Baron Noir alongside Niels Arestrup, Kad Merad and Anna Mouglalis. In the same year, he starred in a main role alongside Yon González and Lluís Homar in the Spanish crime drama series Bajo sospecha. He played the role of a police officer infiltrated to find a missing person in a hospital in Madrid. He also played the role of Guillaume in the comedy Un jour mon prince!, by Flavia Coste. In 2018, he starred in Xavier Durringer's Paradise Beach alongside Sami Bouajila, Kool Shen, Seth Gueko and Tewfik Jallab. In the same year, he starred in Jusqu'ici tout va bien, by Mohamed Hamidi, alongside Gilles Lellouche, Malik Bentalha and Sabrina Ouazani. In 2019, he starred as Paul Vanhove in the Netflix science fiction series Osmosis. He is set to play a role as Paul WR in Le dernier voyage de l'énigmatique Paul W.R. by Romain Quirot and as Max in the film Döner directed by Jean-Luc Herbulot. Hugo Becker is fluent in English and Spanish. Since 2014, he is one of the producers at Nouvelle Donne Productions. 42. Robert Middleton ActorThe Court Jester (1955) Despite the fact that hefty, beetle-browed character actor Robert Middleton (born Samuel G. Messer) was known for most of his career as a mop-faced villain capable of the most vicious and contemptible of crimes, the man himself was quite a happy and hearty gent who loved to play practical jokes, particularly on his family. Robert was educated at the University of Cincinnati and the Carnegie Institute of Technology, where he studied music. His deep, mellifluous voice earned him steady work as a radio announcer which, in turn, sparked his interest in acting. In the early 1950s Middleton made it to Broadway, appearing in "Ondine." This in turn led to films and TV, where he solidified his evil image in such strong fare as The Desperate Hours (1955) as a sadistic killer, The Court Jester (1955) as a grim and determined knight who jousts with Danny Kaye in the famous "pellet with the poison" sequence, and as a sinister politician in The Lincoln Conspiracy (1977). Betwixt and between were an array of brutish mountain daddies, corrupt, cigar-chomping town bosses and lynch mob leaders. Occasionally he showed a bit of levity, as in his recurring role as Jackie Gleason's boss on The Honeymooners (1955) sketches. Middleton died of congestive heart failure in Hollywood at the age of 66. 43. Calahan Skogman ActorShadow and Bone (2021–2023) Calahan Skogman is an actor and screenwriter hailing from Green Bay, Wisconsin. In early 2020, after a series of short films, extensive stage experience, and receiving his MFA in acting from the University of Southern California, he landed the role of Matthias Helvar in the highly anticipated Netflix adaptation of Leigh Bardugo's Grishaverse novels titled "Shadow and Bone". 44. Herbert Ross Additional Crew Director ProducerThe Turning Point (1977) Herbert Ross was born on 13 May 1927 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, USA. He was a director and producer, known for The Turning Point (1977), The Goodbye Girl (1977) and The Secret of My Succe$s (1987). He was married to Lee Radziwill and Nora Kaye. He died on 9 October 2001 in New York City, New York, USA. 45. Mary Walsh Writer Actress ProducerMambo Italiano (2003) Mary Walsh was born on 13 May 1952 in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. She is a writer and actress, known for Mambo Italiano (2003), Codco (1986) and This Hour Has 22 Minutes (1993). She has been married to Donald Nichol since 2002. 46. Ryan Piers Williams Actor Writer ProducerX/Y (2014) Ryan Piers Williams was born on 13 May 1981 in Texas, USA. He is an actor and writer, known for X/Y (2014), The Dry Land (2010) and Barbie (2023). He has been married to America Ferrera since 27 June 2011. They have two children. 47. Tish Cyrus Producer Actress ExecutiveLOL (2012) Tish Cyrus was born on 13 May 1967 in Nashville, Tennessee, USA. She is a producer and actress, known for LOL (2012), The Last Song (2010) and So Undercover (2012). She has been married to Dominic Purcell since 19 August 2023. She was previously married to Billy Ray Cyrus and Baxter Helson. 48. Robert Crawford Jr. Actor Producer Additional CrewThe Sting (1973) Robert Crawford, Jr. was a child actor best known for playing Andy on the TV Western series Laramie (1959). He was nominated for an Emmy Award in 1959 for the Playhouse 90 (1956) episode "Child of Our Time" the same year his kid brother Johnny Crawford was Emmy-nominated for playing Chuck Connors son Mark in The Rifleman (1958). Crawford, who was also billed as "Bobby Crawford", lost to legend Fred Astaire and was up against such legends as: Mickey Rooney and Paul Muni and the actor's actors Christopher Plummer Rod Steiger. Although he acted into his mid-20s, his performing career was over by the age of 24. An association with the director George Roy Hill (his father Robert Crawford edited Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969)) got him into the production side of the business, and he later became a film and TV producer. 49. Dennis Rodman Actor Director WriterDouble Team (1997) Dennis Rodman is an American retired professional basketball player who played for the Detroit Pistons, San Antonio Spurs, Chicago Bulls, Los Angeles Lakers, and Dallas Mavericks in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was nicknamed "The Worm" and is famous for his fierce defensive and rebounding abilities. Rodman played at the small forward position in his early years before becoming a power forward. He earned NBA All-Defensive First Team honors seven times and won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award twice. He also led the NBA in rebounds per game for a record seven consecutive years and won five NBA championships. His biography at NBA.com states that he is "arguably the best rebounding forward in NBA history". On April 1, 2011, the Pistons retired Rodman's No. 10 jersey, and he was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame later that year. In addition to being a retired professional basketball player, Rodman is a retired part-time professional wrestler and actor. He was a member of the nWo and fought alongside Hulk Hogan at two Bash at the Beach events. In professional wrestling, Rodman was the first ever winner of the Celebrity Championship Wrestling tournament. He had his own TV show, The Rodman World Tour (1996), and had lead roles in the action films Double Team (1997) and Simon Sez (1999). He also appeared in several reality TV series. 50. Stevie Wonder Music Artist Composer ActorWild Wild West (1999) Born Stevland Hardaway Judkins in Saginaw, Michigan, United States, to Calvin Judkins and Lula Mae Hardaway. Due to being born six weeks premature, Stevie Wonder was born with a condition called retinopathy of prematurity, which made him blind. Stevie Wonder, even with this disability, made his landmark to be a pioneer and innovator in the music industry. Stevie Wonder's mother, Lula Mae Hardaway left her husband and moved herself and her children to Detroit. Due to her leaving Lula Hardaway Judkins changed her name to Lula Hardaway and changed Stevie's surname to Stevland Morris. Stevland Morris growing up played various instruments such as the piano, harmonica, drums, and bass. Stevland Morris never played a lot of outdoor activities due to his protective mother. Stevland Morris due to his musical talent was also strongly apart of the church choir. Stevland Morris was originally discovered by Gerald White who often persuaded his brother, soul singer Ronnie White to visit the talented Stevland Morris. Ronnie White after seeing Stevland Morris brought Stevland and his mother to MoTown Records to visit Berry Gordy. Berry Gordy stated he was not impressed by Stevland's singing,or drumming,bongo skills and then he played the harmonica, which astounded Berry Gordy and Stevland Morris in 1961 at the age of eleven signed onto MoTown Records with the stage name, Little Stevie Wonder. The reason why Stevie Wonder had gotten that stage name was because many people were astounded by his ability to play numerous instruments and his ability to sing doing both at the same time, and people called Stevie "A Little Wonder". Stevie Wonder released his first album called,The Jazz Soul Of Little Stevie at the age of twelve followed by an additional album, Tribute To Uncle Ray dedicated to Ray Charles. In 1963, Stevie Wonder released a hit-song called, Fingertips Pt(2). The song reached number one on the Billboard Pop Charts. Stevie Wonder became the first singer to have a number one album and single simultaneously. In the song were several percussion instruments played by Stevie Wonder and this song was added to the album,Recorded Live: The Twelve Year Old Genius. Stevie Wonder was then referred to as the child prodigy. Stevie Wonder in 1964 made in film debut in the movie, Muscle Beach Party as well as the sequel Bikini Beach both directed by William Asher. In this movie Stevie Wonder shows off his musical talent singing the songs, Happy Street and Happy Feeling (Dance And Shout). Stevie Wonder also dropped "Little" from this stage name as his voice started to change and he could no longer sing songs which Clarence Paul had written for him, as they were all written in a higher pitched note. Stevie Wonder then started focusing more on songwriting and came out with genuine hits like Uptight (Everything's Alright),With A Child's Heart, Blowing In The Wind, and a song which he wrote for Smokey Robinson and The Miracles, Tears Of A Clown. Several other songs which were smashing hits in the 60's and 70's were I Was Made To Love Her, Signed Sealed And Delivered I'm Yours, which Stevie stated was an idea he had gotten from his mother,and For Once In My Life. In 1970 Stevie Wonder left MoTown and recorded two independent albums by himself. Berry Gordy was shocked to hear this by Stevie Wonder and Berry Gord agreed to Stevie Wonder's demand of more independence and full creative control and rights to all his songs. In 1972 Stevie Wonder returned to MoTown records and signed a thirteen million dollar contract with MoTown Records. This entitled Stevie Wonder to a higher royalty rate and more full creative control and the rights to his own songs, which few artists had gotten at that time period. This contract unleashed Wonder's songs to now talk about controversial issues such as poverty,war,drugs, and politics.Stevie is known for writing and performing political songs such as, You Haven't Done Nothing, which took a political stab at Richard Nixon. The first album he had released with his new agreement with MoTown was, Music Of My Mind in 1972. In late 1972 Stevie Wonder released an album which today is known as a historic piece in music,Talking Book. Which included the number one hit-song, Superstition. This song featured the clavinet which Stevie Wonder was credited pioneer of, he later used the electric amplified keyboard instrument in many of his other albums along with the synthesizer. The song Superstition was seen as a significant contribution to the Funk genre. Talking Book also featured, You Are The Sunshine Of My Life which also peaked at number one. Stevie Wonder also toured with The Rolling Stones in 1972 which contributed to his album's success. Stevie Wonder struck a controversial issue with the album, Innervisions in 1973 with singles such as Living For The City which talked about poverty and was credited to African Americans.The album also included singles such as Golden Lady, and All Love Is Fair. On August,6, 1973 Stevie Wonder was in a car accident. The twenty-three year old Stevie Wonder was in the passenger seat of a 1948 Dodge Flatbed Truck,he was sleeping and had his headphones on, the driver distracted by something, and failed to notice the truck ahead of them and crashed. This sent Stevie Wonder into a coma for several days. In a biography entitled, The Miraculous Journey Of Lula Mae Hardaway she retells the story, "There was a great, grinding screech as metal hit metal and, then, impossibly, as if in some lavishly produced Hollywood action movie, one of the great logs disencumbered itself of the truck and came crashing through the windshield, spearing Stevie square in the forehead." Wonder was sent to a hospital immediately after the accident, and was placed under intensive care, with what they described a "bruise on the head" Wonder then made a successful recovery and in 1974 released Fullfillingness' First Finale and which song topped number one on the Billboard Pop Charts was the political song, You Haven't Done Nothing. By the age of twenty-five he was a multiple Grammy-Award winner, winning Grammies for albums such as Talking Book, Inner Vision, and Fullfillingness' First Finale and at the age of twenty-five with several talent musicians he was on the verge of making what came to be one of this most admirable masterpieces, an album called, Songs In The Key Of Life. The double-album, Songs In The Key Of Life was released in 1976 and the album became the first of an American artist to debut straight at number one where it remained for fourteen consecutive weeks. The album contained two tracks which rose to number one on the Billboard Charts,I Wish and Sir Duke. The album also contained an extraordinary sentimental song about his daughter Aisha Morris called,Isn't She Lovely". It also contained the song which focused strongly on poverty called, Village Ghetto Land. Rolling Stones listed the album as the 56th Greatest Album Of All Time out of 500. In 1979, Wonder released a soundtrack album called Journey Through The Secret Life Of Plants. It was featured in the film The Secret Life Of Plants. Wonder also wrote the song,Let's Get Serious for Jermaine Jackson who left The Jacksons and was starting his own solo career. The song was ranked by Billboard to be the number one rhythm and blues song of 1980. In 1980, Stevie Wonder released the album called Hotter Than July. On this album was a song called Happy Birthday. That song was dedicated to Martin Luther King Jr, and Stevie Wonder was one of the pioneers to getting Martin Luther King Jr a national holiday. Stevie Wonder in 1985 received an Academy Award for his song, I Just Called To Say I Love in the film, The Woman In Red. In 1986, Stevie Wonder made a guest appearance on the hit-show The Cosby Show. It was during this episode in which people were astounded toward what the synthesizer could really do. In 1987 Stevie Wonder made a duet with Michael Jackson on his Bad album with the single, Just Good Friends. In the same year Michael Jackson did a duet on Stevie Wonder's characters album. In 1991, Stevie Wonder recorded a soundtrack album for Spike Lee in his new movie, Jungle Fever. The album was entitled, Jungle Fever and the hit-song on it was entitled Jungle Fever. Other singles that came from this album were Gotta Have You,Feeding Off The Love Of The Land,and These Three Words. Stevie Wonder continued releasing new material throughout the 90's such as Natural Wonder, and Conversation Piece. In 1996 Stevie Wonder's A Song In The Key Of Life album became a documentary subject, and several of the musicians who contributed to the success of the album had a reunion. In 1997 Stevie Wonder collaborated with Babyface on the single, How Come How Long. In 2000 Stevie Wonder contributed to two sound track songs for Spike Lee's film Bamboozled. The two soundtrack songs were Misrepresented People and Some Years Ago. In 2006, Stevie Wonder's inspiration of his life, his mother, Lula Mae Hardaway died on May,31,2006. Stevie Wonder then in 2007 announced his tour, A Wonder's Summer Night 13 concert tour- this was his first in over ten years, and he states, he wants to take all the sadness he feels,turn it around and celebrate. Stevie Wonder in 2008 was very involved in the Presidential Campaign, and why he thinks Obama will be a great president for America. Stevie Wonder talked at several press conferences about Obama and why America should vote for him. Stevie Wonder in 2009 was named the United Nations Messenger Of Peace.On February 23,2009 Stevie Wonder received the Gershwin Prize For Pop Music awarded to Stevie Wonder by Barack Obama. On June,25,2009 one of his best friends,Michael Jackson had died. Stevie Wonder attended the memorial and performed the song, Never Dreamed You'd Leave In Summer at the Staple's Center. Stevie Wonder recently in 2011 can be heard playing harmonica on Drake Graham's album Take Care. Stevie Wonder's songs have been sampled by artists such as Jon Gibson,Red Hot Chilli Peppers,Mary J Blige and several other artists were inspired by Stevie's musical talent. Stevie Wonder will forever be known as a pioneer in music a philanthropist, and a messenger of peace addressing controversies in music which very few artists did at that time. Stevie Wonder has touched the hearts of millions through his music and his philanthropic generosity. 50 more Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/chart/starmeter/?ref_=nv_cel_m
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app IMDb Charts Share Most Popular Celebs As determined by IMDb users 100 Names Sort bySTARmeter STARmeterAlphabetical 2 ( 1) Nava Mau Actress Producer DirectorBaby Reindeer (2024– ) 3 ( 1) Ella Purnell Actress Producer DirectorMiss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children (2016) 9 ( 6) Jessica Gunning Actress WriterPride (2014) 8 ( 4) Sydney Sweeney Actress ProducerEuphoria (2019–2022) 10 ( 5) Richard Gadd Actor Writer ProducerBaby Reindeer (2024– ) 1 ( 5) Nicholas Galitzine Actor SoundtrackPurple Hearts (2022) 12 ( 5) Walton Goggins Actor Producer SoundtrackJustified (2010–2015) 16 ( 8) Anna Sawai ActressNinja Assassin (2009) 4 ( 5) Anne Hathaway Actress Producer SoundtrackLes Misérables (2012) 27 ( 17) Briana Cuoco ActressDead Boy Detectives (2024– ) 19 ( 8) Eiza González Actress Soundtrack Music DepartmentBaby Driver (2017) 26 ( 14) Zendaya Actress Producer Sound DepartmentSpider-Man: Homecoming (2017) 15 ( 2) Glen Powell Actor Producer WriterTop Gun: Maverick (2022) 37 ( 23) Cosmo Jarvis Actor Director WriterShôgun (2024– ) 6 ( 9) Freya Allan ActressKingdom of the Planet of the Apes (2024) 49 ( 33) Mike Faist Actor SoundtrackWest Side Story (2021) 54 ( 37) Sofia Boutella Actress SoundtrackKingsman: The Secret Service (2014) 34 ( 16) Kaya Scodelario ActressPirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017) 21 ( 2) Ryan Gosling Actor Producer DirectorBlue Valentine (2010) 40 ( 20) Jodie Comer Actress Producer Additional CrewThe Last Duel (2021) 53 ( 32) Josh O'Connor Actor Writer ComposerGod's Own Country (2017) 95 ( 73) Ana de Armas Actress ProducerBlade Runner 2049 (2017) 87 ( 64) Jenn Lyon Actress Art Director ProducerJustified (2012–2013) 68 ( 44) Xelia Mendes-Jones ActorFallout (2024– ) 199 ( 174) Julie Benz Actress Producer SoundtrackDexter (2006–2010) 25 ( 1) Emily Blunt Actress Producer Additional CrewEdge of Tomorrow (2014) 72 ( 45) Aaron Moten Actor SoundtrackFallout (2024– ) 46 ( 18) Jenna Ortega Actress Producer SoundtrackScream (2022) 36 ( 7) Katy O'Brian Actress StuntsAnt-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania (2023) 71 ( 41) Moises Arias Actor Director ProducerEnder's Game (2013) 31 ( ) Anya Taylor-Joy Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Queen's Gambit (2020– ) 61 ( 29) Eliot Sumner Actor Music Department SoundtrackRipley (2024– ) 176 ( 143) Kirsten Dunst Actress Producer DirectorSpider-Man (2002) 66 ( 32) Hiroyuki Sanada Actor Producer Music DepartmentTasogare Seibei (2002) 276 ( 241) Christina Hendricks Actress Producer Additional CrewGinger & Rosa (2012) 57 ( 21) Theo James Actor Producer ExecutiveDivergent (2014) 89 ( 52) Cailee Spaeny ActressPriscilla (2023) 24 ( 14) Aaron Taylor-Johnson Actor Producer WriterKick-Ass (2010) 63 ( 24) Bryce Dallas Howard Actress Director ProducerJurassic World Dominion (2022) 56 ( 16) Florence Pugh Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Falling (2014) 29 ( 12) Melanie Lynskey Actress SoundtrackTogetherness (2015–2016) 52 ( 10) Rebecca Ferguson Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Greatest Showman (2017) 510 ( 467) Joaquin Phoenix Actor Producer DirectorWalk the Line (2005) 70 ( 26) Annabel O'Hagan ActressFallout (2024– ) 213 ( 168) Ed Skrein Actor Director WriterDeadpool (2016) 155 ( 109) Tadanobu Asano Actor Director ComposerMongol: The Rise of Genghis Khan (2007) 149 ( 102) Lukas Gage Actor Writer SoundtrackEuphoria (2019– ) 7 ( 41) Sarah Jones ActressFor All Mankind (2019–2021) 249 ( 200) Luca Guadagnino Director Producer WriterCall Me by Your Name (2017) 198 ( 148) Russell Crowe Actor Producer DirectorLes Misérables (2012) 17 ( 34) Mckenna Grace Actress Producer Additional CrewGifted (2017) 183 ( 131) George Rexstrew ActorDead Boy Detectives (2024– ) 33 ( 20) Isabela Merced Actress Music Department SoundtrackTransformers: The Last Knight (2017) 65 ( 11) Alan Ritchson Actor Producer DirectorTeenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014) 43 ( 12) Henry Cavill Actor Additional Crew ProducerMan of Steel (2013) 881 ( 825) Jessica Alba Actress Producer CinematographerFantastic Four (2005) 88 ( 31) Austin Butler Actor Producer SoundtrackElvis (2022) 60 ( 2) Nicolas Cage Actor Producer DirectorFace/Off (1997) 167 ( 108) Elisabeth Moss Actress Producer DirectorThe Invisible Man (2020) 109 ( 49) Timothée Chalamet Actor Producer SoundtrackCall Me by Your Name (2017) 81 ( 20) Mary Elizabeth Winstead Actress Producer Soundtrack10 Cloverfield Lane (2016) 121 ( 59) Andrew Scott Actor Producer SoundtrackAll of Us Strangers (2023) 75 ( 12) Dakota Fanning Actress Producer DirectorWar of the Worlds (2005) 1,249 ( 1185) Jenna Coleman Actress Producer SoundtrackVictoria (2016–2019) 145 ( 80) Jesse Plemons Actor Music Department ProducerGame Night (2018) 108 ( 42) Emma Stone Actress Producer SoundtrackLa La Land (2016) 59 ( 8) Ryan Reynolds Actor Producer WriterDeadpool 2 (2018) 47 ( 21) Hannah Waddingham Actress Producer SoundtrackTed Lasso (2020–2023) 215 ( 146) Sarita Choudhury Actress ProducerLady in the Water (2006) 258 ( 188) Amy Ryan Actress Producer SoundtrackGone Baby Gone (2007) 152 ( 81) Dwayne Johnson Actor Producer WriterBlack Adam (2022) 45 ( 27) Joey King Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Act (2019– ) 74 ( 1) Carrie Preston Actress Director ProducerClaws (2017–2022) 106 ( 32) Guy Ritchie Writer Director ProducerSherlock Holmes (2009) 91 ( 16) Tom Hardy Actor Producer WriterInception (2010) 193 ( 117) Tom Goodman-Hill Actor Producer WriterRebecca (2020) 182 ( 105) David Dastmalchian Actor Writer ProducerOppenheimer (2023) 76 ( 2) Keanu Reeves Actor Producer Additional CrewThe Matrix (1999) 117 ( 38) Liam Neeson Actor Producer WriterKinsey (2004) 84 ( 4) Tom Cruise Actor Producer DirectorTop Gun (1986) 41 ( 40) Heather Thomas ActressZapped! (1982) 22 ( 60) Jonah Hauer-King Actor SoundtrackThe Little Mermaid (2023) 238 ( 155) Kyle MacLachlan Actor Director SoundtrackTwin Peaks (2017– ) 1,373 ( 1289) Ann-Margret Actress SoundtrackCarnal Knowledge (1971) 35 ( 50) Jeff Daniels Actor Producer WriterThe Squid and the Whale (2005) 157 ( 71) Kirby Actress Writer ProducerThe Good Place (2018–2020) 127 ( 40) Cillian Murphy Actor Producer Writer28 Days Later... (2002) 4,521 ( 4433) Brian McCardie ActorTime (2021– ) 125 ( 36) Jason Statham Actor Producer StuntsCrank (2006) 603 ( 513) Gal Gadot Actress Producer SoundtrackWonder Woman (2017) 287 ( 196) Emma Corrin Actress Music Department SoundtrackLady Chatterley's Lover (2022) 262 ( 170) Kerry Condon ActressThe Banshees of Inisherin (2022) 228 ( 135) Jason Bateman Actor Producer DirectorArrested Development (2003–2019) 282 ( 188) Ruth Connell Actress Producer SoundtrackSupernatural (2014–2019) 78 ( 17) Alexandra Daddario Actress Producer SoundtrackBaywatch (2017) 179 ( 83) Nitanshi Goel ActressLaapataa Ladies (2023) 1,127 ( 1030) Penélope Cruz Actress Producer DirectorVicky Cristina Barcelona (2008) 107 ( 9) Riley Keough Actress Producer DirectorMad Max: Fury Road (2015) 817 ( 718) Michelle Pfeiffer Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Fabulous Baker Boys (1989) 280 ( 180) Nicole Kidman Actress Producer Music DepartmentMoulin Rouge! (2001) More to explore Charts Top Box Office (US) From the past weekend Most Popular Movies As determined by IMDb users IMDb Top 250 Movies As rated by regular IMDb voters. Top Rated English Movies English-language movies as rated by IMDb users Most Popular TV Shows As determined by IMDb users Top 250 TV Shows Top 250 as rated by IMDb Users Lowest Rated Movies Bottom 100 as voted by IMDb users Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_13_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_13_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Export Copy What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors • Created 1 week ago • Modified 1 week ago From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist. List activity 42K views • 26K this week Create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. 28 titles Sort byList order List orderAlphabeticalIMDb ratingPopularityNumber of ratingsRelease dateRuntimeDate added 1. Under the Bridge 20248 epsTV-MA 7.3 (2.1K) RateTV Mini Series Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder.CreatorQuinn ShephardStarsLily GladstoneVritika GuptaChloe Guidry 2. Search Party 2016–202250 epsTV-MA 7.6 (14K) RateTV Series Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears.CreatorSarah-Violet BlissCharles RogersMichael ShowalterStarsAlia ShawkatJohn ReynoldsJohn Early 3. Under the Silver Lake 20182h 19mR 6.5 (52K) Rate60Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre.DirectorDavid Robert MitchellStarsAndrew GarfieldRiley KeoughTopher Grace 4. I Hate Suzie 2020– 11 epsTV-MA 6.9 (4.1K) RateTV Series A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges.CreatorLucy PrebbleBillie PiperStarsBillie PiperLeila FarzadDaniel Ings 5. Swarm 20237 epsR21 7.1 (15K) RateTV Series A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn.CreatorDonald GloverJanine NabersStarsDominique FishbackChloe BaileyNirine S. Brown 6. I May Destroy You 202012 epsR21 8.1 (26K) RateTV Series The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation.CreatorMichaela CoelStarsMichaela CoelWeruche OpiaPaapa Essiedu 7. The Dropout 20228 epsNC16 7.5 (36K) RateTV Mini Series TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company.CreatorElizabeth MeriwetherStarsAmanda SeyfriedNaveen AndrewsMichel Gill 8. The Girl from Plainville 20228 epsTV-MA 6.4 (8.3K) RateTV Mini Series Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter.CreatorLiz HannahPatrick MacmanusStarsElle FanningChloë SevignyCara Buono 9. Under the Banner of Heaven 20227 epsM18 7.5 (35K) RateTV Mini Series A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government.CreatorDustin Lance BlackStarsAndrew GarfieldSam WorthingtonDaisy Edgar-Jones 10. Mindhunter 2017–201919 epsM18 8.6 (337K) RateTV Series In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters.CreatorJoe PenhallStarsJonathan GroffHolt McCallanyAnna Torv 11. Unbelievable 20198 epsR21 8.3 (120K) RateTV Mini Series A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth.CreatorSusannah GrantMichael ChabonAyelet WaldmanStarsKaitlyn DeverToni ColletteMerritt Wever 12. Dopesick 20218 epsM18 8.6 (78K) RateTV Mini Series The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA.CreatorDanny StrongStarsMichael KeatonPeter SarsgaardMichael Stuhlbarg 13. American Crime Story 2016– 30 epsNC16 8.4 (99K) RateTV Series An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals.CreatorScott AlexanderLarry KaraszewskiSarah BurgessStarsSarah PaulsonAnnaleigh AshfordSterling K. Brown 14. When They See Us 20194 epsR21 8.8 (138K) RateTV Mini Series Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story.CreatorAva DuVernayStarsAsante BlackkCaleel HarrisEthan Herisse 15. The Act 20198 epsTV-MA 7.9 (38K) RateTV Mini Series Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder.CreatorNick AntoscaMichelle DeanStarsPatricia ArquetteJoey KingAnnaSophia Robb 16. Ingrid Goes West 20171h 38mNC16 6.6 (48K) Rate71Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star.DirectorMatt SpicerStarsAubrey PlazaElizabeth OlsenO'Shea Jackson Jr. 17. Obsessed 20091h 48mPG 5.0 (34K) Rate25Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp.DirectorSteve ShillStarsBeyoncéIdris ElbaAli Larter 18. Killing Eve 2018–202232 epsM18 8.1 (136K) RateTV Series After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsJodie ComerSandra OhFiona Shaw 19. The OA 2016–201916 epsNC16 7.8 (116K) RateTV Series Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous.CreatorZal BatmanglijBrit MarlingStarsBrit MarlingJason IsaacsScott Wilson 20. Mare of Easttown 20217 epsM18 8.4 (188K) RateTV Mini Series A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart.CreatorBrad IngelsbyStarsKate WinsletJulianne NicholsonJean Smart 21. Sharp Objects 20188 epsR21 8.0 (119K) RateTV Mini Series After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too.CreatorMarti NoxonStarsAmy AdamsPatricia ClarksonChris Messina 22. True Detective 2014– 31 epsM18 8.9 (658K) RateTV Series Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law.CreatorNic PizzolattoIssa LópezStarsVince VaughnColin FarrellRachel McAdams 23. Ozark 2017–202244 epsR21 8.5 (348K) RateTV Series A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss.CreatorBill DubuqueMark WilliamsStarsJason BatemanLaura LinneySofia Hublitz 24. Black Mirror 2011– 33 epsR21 8.7 (642K) RateTV Series Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world.CreatorCharlie BrookerStarsWunmi MosakuMonica DolanDaniel Lapaine 25. Big Little Lies 2017–201914 epsM18 8.4 (225K) RateTV Series The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town.CreatorDavid E. KelleyStarsReese WitherspoonNicole KidmanShailene Woodley 26. You 2018–202441 epsM18 7.7 (301K) RateTV Series A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by.CreatorGreg BerlantiSera GambleStarsPenn BadgleyVictoria PedrettiTati Gabrielle 27. Fleabag 2016–201912 epsM18 8.7 (202K) RateTV Series Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeSian CliffordOlivia Colman 28. Crashing 20166 epsM18 7.6 (26K) RateTV Series A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeJonathan BaileyJulie Dray More to explore FeedbackTell us what you think about this feature.Report this list Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_c_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_13_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Export Copy What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors • Created 1 week ago • Modified 1 week ago From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist. List activity 42K views • 26K this week Create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. 28 titles Sort byList order List orderAlphabeticalIMDb ratingPopularityNumber of ratingsRelease dateRuntimeDate added 1. Under the Bridge 20248 epsTV-MA 7.3 (2.1K) RateTV Mini Series Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder.CreatorQuinn ShephardStarsLily GladstoneVritika GuptaChloe Guidry 2. Search Party 2016–202250 epsTV-MA 7.6 (14K) RateTV Series Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears.CreatorSarah-Violet BlissCharles RogersMichael ShowalterStarsAlia ShawkatJohn ReynoldsJohn Early 3. Under the Silver Lake 20182h 19mR 6.5 (52K) Rate60Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre.DirectorDavid Robert MitchellStarsAndrew GarfieldRiley KeoughTopher Grace 4. I Hate Suzie 2020– 11 epsTV-MA 6.9 (4.1K) RateTV Series A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges.CreatorLucy PrebbleBillie PiperStarsBillie PiperLeila FarzadDaniel Ings 5. Swarm 20237 epsR21 7.1 (15K) RateTV Series A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn.CreatorDonald GloverJanine NabersStarsDominique FishbackChloe BaileyNirine S. Brown 6. I May Destroy You 202012 epsR21 8.1 (26K) RateTV Series The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation.CreatorMichaela CoelStarsMichaela CoelWeruche OpiaPaapa Essiedu 7. The Dropout 20228 epsNC16 7.5 (36K) RateTV Mini Series TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company.CreatorElizabeth MeriwetherStarsAmanda SeyfriedNaveen AndrewsMichel Gill 8. The Girl from Plainville 20228 epsTV-MA 6.4 (8.3K) RateTV Mini Series Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter.CreatorLiz HannahPatrick MacmanusStarsElle FanningChloë SevignyCara Buono 9. Under the Banner of Heaven 20227 epsM18 7.5 (35K) RateTV Mini Series A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government.CreatorDustin Lance BlackStarsAndrew GarfieldSam WorthingtonDaisy Edgar-Jones 10. Mindhunter 2017–201919 epsM18 8.6 (337K) RateTV Series In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters.CreatorJoe PenhallStarsJonathan GroffHolt McCallanyAnna Torv 11. Unbelievable 20198 epsR21 8.3 (120K) RateTV Mini Series A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth.CreatorSusannah GrantMichael ChabonAyelet WaldmanStarsKaitlyn DeverToni ColletteMerritt Wever 12. Dopesick 20218 epsM18 8.6 (78K) RateTV Mini Series The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA.CreatorDanny StrongStarsMichael KeatonPeter SarsgaardMichael Stuhlbarg 13. American Crime Story 2016– 30 epsNC16 8.4 (99K) RateTV Series An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals.CreatorScott AlexanderLarry KaraszewskiSarah BurgessStarsSarah PaulsonAnnaleigh AshfordSterling K. Brown 14. When They See Us 20194 epsR21 8.8 (138K) RateTV Mini Series Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story.CreatorAva DuVernayStarsAsante BlackkCaleel HarrisEthan Herisse 15. The Act 20198 epsTV-MA 7.9 (38K) RateTV Mini Series Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder.CreatorNick AntoscaMichelle DeanStarsPatricia ArquetteJoey KingAnnaSophia Robb 16. Ingrid Goes West 20171h 38mNC16 6.6 (48K) Rate71Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star.DirectorMatt SpicerStarsAubrey PlazaElizabeth OlsenO'Shea Jackson Jr. 17. Obsessed 20091h 48mPG 5.0 (34K) Rate25Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp.DirectorSteve ShillStarsBeyoncéIdris ElbaAli Larter 18. Killing Eve 2018–202232 epsM18 8.1 (136K) RateTV Series After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsJodie ComerSandra OhFiona Shaw 19. The OA 2016–201916 epsNC16 7.8 (116K) RateTV Series Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous.CreatorZal BatmanglijBrit MarlingStarsBrit MarlingJason IsaacsScott Wilson 20. Mare of Easttown 20217 epsM18 8.4 (188K) RateTV Mini Series A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart.CreatorBrad IngelsbyStarsKate WinsletJulianne NicholsonJean Smart 21. Sharp Objects 20188 epsR21 8.0 (119K) RateTV Mini Series After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too.CreatorMarti NoxonStarsAmy AdamsPatricia ClarksonChris Messina 22. True Detective 2014– 31 epsM18 8.9 (658K) RateTV Series Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law.CreatorNic PizzolattoIssa LópezStarsVince VaughnColin FarrellRachel McAdams 23. Ozark 2017–202244 epsR21 8.5 (348K) RateTV Series A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss.CreatorBill DubuqueMark WilliamsStarsJason BatemanLaura LinneySofia Hublitz 24. Black Mirror 2011– 33 epsR21 8.7 (642K) RateTV Series Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world.CreatorCharlie BrookerStarsWunmi MosakuMonica DolanDaniel Lapaine 25. Big Little Lies 2017–201914 epsM18 8.4 (225K) RateTV Series The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town.CreatorDavid E. KelleyStarsReese WitherspoonNicole KidmanShailene Woodley 26. You 2018–202441 epsM18 7.7 (301K) RateTV Series A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by.CreatorGreg BerlantiSera GambleStarsPenn BadgleyVictoria PedrettiTati Gabrielle 27. Fleabag 2016–201912 epsM18 8.7 (202K) RateTV Series Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeSian CliffordOlivia Colman 28. Crashing 20166 epsM18 7.6 (26K) RateTV Series A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeJonathan BaileyJulie Dray More to explore FeedbackTell us what you think about this feature.Report this list Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_5_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_5_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls025720609/videoplayer/vi820299289?ref_=hm_edcio_c_og_ideaofu_jkt_5_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_c_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_10_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Export Copy What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors • Created 1 week ago • Modified 1 week ago From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist. List activity 42K views • 26K this week Create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. 28 titles Sort byList order List orderAlphabeticalIMDb ratingPopularityNumber of ratingsRelease dateRuntimeDate added 1. Under the Bridge 20248 epsTV-MA 7.3 (2.1K) RateTV Mini Series Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder.CreatorQuinn ShephardStarsLily GladstoneVritika GuptaChloe Guidry 2. Search Party 2016–202250 epsTV-MA 7.6 (14K) RateTV Series Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears.CreatorSarah-Violet BlissCharles RogersMichael ShowalterStarsAlia ShawkatJohn ReynoldsJohn Early 3. Under the Silver Lake 20182h 19mR 6.5 (52K) Rate60Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre.DirectorDavid Robert MitchellStarsAndrew GarfieldRiley KeoughTopher Grace 4. I Hate Suzie 2020– 11 epsTV-MA 6.9 (4.1K) RateTV Series A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges.CreatorLucy PrebbleBillie PiperStarsBillie PiperLeila FarzadDaniel Ings 5. Swarm 20237 epsR21 7.1 (15K) RateTV Series A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn.CreatorDonald GloverJanine NabersStarsDominique FishbackChloe BaileyNirine S. Brown 6. I May Destroy You 202012 epsR21 8.1 (26K) RateTV Series The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation.CreatorMichaela CoelStarsMichaela CoelWeruche OpiaPaapa Essiedu 7. The Dropout 20228 epsNC16 7.5 (36K) RateTV Mini Series TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company.CreatorElizabeth MeriwetherStarsAmanda SeyfriedNaveen AndrewsMichel Gill 8. The Girl from Plainville 20228 epsTV-MA 6.4 (8.3K) RateTV Mini Series Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter.CreatorLiz HannahPatrick MacmanusStarsElle FanningChloë SevignyCara Buono 9. Under the Banner of Heaven 20227 epsM18 7.5 (35K) RateTV Mini Series A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government.CreatorDustin Lance BlackStarsAndrew GarfieldSam WorthingtonDaisy Edgar-Jones 10. Mindhunter 2017–201919 epsM18 8.6 (337K) RateTV Series In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters.CreatorJoe PenhallStarsJonathan GroffHolt McCallanyAnna Torv 11. Unbelievable 20198 epsR21 8.3 (120K) RateTV Mini Series A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth.CreatorSusannah GrantMichael ChabonAyelet WaldmanStarsKaitlyn DeverToni ColletteMerritt Wever 12. Dopesick 20218 epsM18 8.6 (78K) RateTV Mini Series The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA.CreatorDanny StrongStarsMichael KeatonPeter SarsgaardMichael Stuhlbarg 13. American Crime Story 2016– 30 epsNC16 8.4 (99K) RateTV Series An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals.CreatorScott AlexanderLarry KaraszewskiSarah BurgessStarsSarah PaulsonAnnaleigh AshfordSterling K. Brown 14. When They See Us 20194 epsR21 8.8 (138K) RateTV Mini Series Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story.CreatorAva DuVernayStarsAsante BlackkCaleel HarrisEthan Herisse 15. The Act 20198 epsTV-MA 7.9 (38K) RateTV Mini Series Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder.CreatorNick AntoscaMichelle DeanStarsPatricia ArquetteJoey KingAnnaSophia Robb 16. Ingrid Goes West 20171h 38mNC16 6.6 (48K) Rate71Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star.DirectorMatt SpicerStarsAubrey PlazaElizabeth OlsenO'Shea Jackson Jr. 17. Obsessed 20091h 48mPG 5.0 (34K) Rate25Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp.DirectorSteve ShillStarsBeyoncéIdris ElbaAli Larter 18. Killing Eve 2018–202232 epsM18 8.1 (136K) RateTV Series After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsJodie ComerSandra OhFiona Shaw 19. The OA 2016–201916 epsNC16 7.8 (116K) RateTV Series Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous.CreatorZal BatmanglijBrit MarlingStarsBrit MarlingJason IsaacsScott Wilson 20. Mare of Easttown 20217 epsM18 8.4 (188K) RateTV Mini Series A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart.CreatorBrad IngelsbyStarsKate WinsletJulianne NicholsonJean Smart 21. Sharp Objects 20188 epsR21 8.0 (119K) RateTV Mini Series After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too.CreatorMarti NoxonStarsAmy AdamsPatricia ClarksonChris Messina 22. True Detective 2014– 31 epsM18 8.9 (658K) RateTV Series Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law.CreatorNic PizzolattoIssa LópezStarsVince VaughnColin FarrellRachel McAdams 23. Ozark 2017–202244 epsR21 8.5 (348K) RateTV Series A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss.CreatorBill DubuqueMark WilliamsStarsJason BatemanLaura LinneySofia Hublitz 24. Black Mirror 2011– 33 epsR21 8.7 (642K) RateTV Series Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world.CreatorCharlie BrookerStarsWunmi MosakuMonica DolanDaniel Lapaine 25. Big Little Lies 2017–201914 epsM18 8.4 (225K) RateTV Series The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town.CreatorDavid E. KelleyStarsReese WitherspoonNicole KidmanShailene Woodley 26. You 2018–202441 epsM18 7.7 (301K) RateTV Series A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by.CreatorGreg BerlantiSera GambleStarsPenn BadgleyVictoria PedrettiTati Gabrielle 27. Fleabag 2016–201912 epsM18 8.7 (202K) RateTV Series Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeSian CliffordOlivia Colman 28. Crashing 20166 epsM18 7.6 (26K) RateTV Series A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeJonathan BaileyJulie Dray More to explore FeedbackTell us what you think about this feature.Report this list Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_10_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_10_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545387393/?ref_=hm_edcft_targ_corman_rated_13_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list Top 10 Roger Corman Movies by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 day ago | updated - 1 day ago | Public Roger Corman was known as the "King of the Bs," and his filmography is full of cult classics. Here are the 10 highest-rated movies he directed, according to IMDb fans.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Horror (8) Drama (5) Comedy (3) Crime (2) Mystery (2) Thriller (2) Fantasy (1) History (1) Sci-Fi (1) Feature Film (10) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » Psychotronic Film (9) Cult Film (7) Corman And Price (6) Independent Film (6) Death (5) Gothic Horror (5) Murder (5) Castle (4) Husband Wife Relationship (4) Dungeon (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Fire (3) Ghost (3) Villain As Protagonist (3) Wine (3) 1500s (2) 19th Century (2) Altar (2) B Movie (2) Based On Poem (2) Based On Short Story (2) Body Hidden Behind A Wall (2) Brother Sister Relationship (2) Buried Alive (2) Burned Alive (2) Candle (2) Car (2) Chandelier (2) Coffin (2) Cold Weather (2) Corman And Nicnholson (2) Corpse (2) Costume Horror (2) Cult Director (2) Curse (2) Doctor (2) Drugged Drink (2) Experiment (2) Fainting (2) Father Son Relationship (2) Fireplace (2) Fog (2) Gothic Mansion (2) Gun (2) Haunted By The Past (2) Horse And Carriage (2) House (2) Infidelity (2) Insanity (2) Lightning (2) Lynch Mob (2) Mad Scientist (2) Mansion (2) Marriage (2) Massacre (2) Men In Tights (2) Mistress (2) Mob (2) Mutation (2) Painting (2) Party (2) Physician (2) Pistol (2) Price And Lorre (2) Revenge (2) Secret Door (2) Setting Someone On Fire (2) Snake (2) Sorcerer (2) Spider (2) Spiderweb (2) Storm (2) Superstition (2) Tarantula (2) Top Hat (2) Village (2) 16th Century (1) 1920s (1) 1930s (1) 20th Century (1) 27 Year Old (1) Abandoned House (1) Abbreviation In Title (1) Accidental Death (1) Accidental Killing (1) Accused Of Rape (1) Adulteress (1) Adulterous Wife (1) Adultery (1) Al Capone Character (1) Alcoholic (1) Alcoholic Drink (1) Alcoholism (1) Ambiguous Ending (1) Ambush (1) Amontillado (1) Amusement Park (1) Ancestor (1) Angry Mob (1) Animal Attack (1) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 10 titles 1. The Intruder (1962) PG-13 | 84 min | Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A charismatic "social reformer" rallies the white populace of a Southern town to oppose school integration, but he soon finds himself in a situation that he cannot control. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: William Shatner, Frank Maxwell, Beverly Lunsford, Robert Emhardt Votes: 3,925 2. Pit and the Pendulum (1961) 80 min | Drama, Horror, Mystery 7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 78 Metascore In the sixteenth century, Francis Barnard travels to Spain to clarify the strange circumstances of his sister's death after she had married the son of a cruel Spanish Inquisitor. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Barbara Steele, John Kerr, Luana Anders Votes: 16,431 | Gross: $4.36M 3. The Fall of the House of Usher (1960) 79 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 75 Metascore Upon entering his fiancée's family mansion, a man discovers a savage family curse and fears that his future brother-in-law has entombed his bride-to-be prematurely. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Mark Damon, Myrna Fahey, Harry Ellerbe Votes: 15,480 | Gross: $3.16M 4. The Masque of the Red Death (1964) 89 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 77 Metascore A European prince terrorizes the local peasantry while using his castle as a refuge against the "Red Death" plague that stalks the land. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Hazel Court, Jane Asher, David Weston Votes: 16,273 5. Tales of Terror (1962) 89 min | Comedy, Horror, Mystery 6.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 68 Metascore Three tales of terror involve a grieving widower and the daughter he abandoned; a drunkard and his wife's black cat; and a hypnotist who prolongs the moment of a man's death. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Maggie Pierce, Leona Gage, Peter Lorre Votes: 8,395 6. A Bucket of Blood (1959) 66 min | Comedy, Crime, Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dimwitted busboy at a beatnik cafe passes off a cat he accidentally killed and covered in plaster as a sculpture, prompting a demand for more art that compels him to commit murders. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Dick Miller, Barboura Morris, Antony Carbone, Julian Burton Votes: 7,926 7. The Haunted Palace (1963) 87 min | Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Charles Dexter Ward arrives at a small village to visit the house he inherited from his ancestor who died there 100 years ago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Debra Paget, Lon Chaney Jr., Frank Maxwell Votes: 8,484 | Gross: $2.62M 8. X (1963) 79 min | Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A Roger Corman tale of Dr. James Xavier's devastating experiments on himself and the unforeseen. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Ray Milland, Diana Van der Vlis, Harold J. Stone, John Hoyt Votes: 8,189 9. The St. Valentine's Day Massacre (1967) NC-16 | 100 min | Crime, Drama, History 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Al Capone's Valentine's Day surprise for the rival Bugs Moran gang in 1929 Chicago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Jason Robards, George Segal, Ralph Meeker, Jean Hale Votes: 4,774 10. The Raven (1963) 86 min | Comedy, Fantasy, Horror 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A magician, who has been turned into a raven, turns to a former sorcerer for help. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Boris Karloff, Hazel Court Votes: 13,578 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 353 | in last week 353 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_7_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_7_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls025720609/videoplayer/vi820299289?ref_=hm_edcio_c_og_ideaofu_jkt_7_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0324658/
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Biography Awards Trivia IMDbPro All topics Walton Goggins Actor Producer Soundtrack IMDbProStarmeter 12 5 Play clip5:54 Why "Fallout" Needs a Second Season 99+ Videos 99+ Photos Walton Goggins is an actor of considerable versatility and acclaim who has delivered provocative performances in a multitude of feature films and television series. He won a Critics' Choice Award for his performance in the HBO comedy series "Vice Principals" and landed an Emmy nomination for his role of 'Boyd Crowder' on FX's "Justified," among numerous accolades. Goggins is the producer/star of the hit new CBS single-camera comedy "The Unicorn," which debuted as TV's #1 New Show and has been picked up for a full season. The series is about a tight-knit group of best friends and family who help 'Wade' (Goggins) embrace his "new normal" in the wake of the loss of his wife one year ago. As a sometimes ill-equipped but always devoted single parent to his two adolescent daughters, he is taking the major step of dating again. To Wade's amazement, he's a hot commodity with women, and his friends explain that he's the perfect single guy - a "unicorn": employed, attractive, and with a proven track record of commitment. He has also re-teamed with his former "Vice Principals" co-star Danny McBride on HBO's comedy series "The Righteous Gemstones," which has been renewed for a second season. Written, directed and EP'ed by McBride, it tells the story of a world-famous televangelist family with a long tradition of deviance, greed and charitable work. Goggins plays 'Baby Billy,' a former child star who clogged and sang for Jesus. As an aging man, he's fallen on hard times and comes to the Gemstones for salvation. On the feature front, Goggins plays the role of 'Christ' in THREE CHRISTS, which IFC Films will release in theaters, VOD and Digital on January 10, 2020. The story follows a doctor (Richard Gere) who is treating paranoid schizophrenic patients at the Ypsilanti State Hospital in Michigan, each of whom believe they are Jesus Christ. The film made its World Premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival. Goggins recently starred opposite Oscar winner Olivia Colman in the Appalachian thriller THEM THAT FOLLOW, which made its World Premiere at the 2019 Sundance Film Festival and was released in August 2019. The film followed members of an isolated community of Pentecostal snake handlers led by 'Pastor Lemuel' (Goggins). In the can is the indie feature WORDS ON BATHROOM WALLS. In 2018, Goggins appeared in three major studio features: He starred opposite Alicia Vikander in Warner Bros./MGM's TOMB RAIDER reboot, in the role of villain 'Mathias Vogel.' The film opened as the #1 film globally. In its review, Variety proclaimed, "Goggins, a magnetic actor who projects the lean, hungry anger of vintage-period Jack Nicholson, never hits you over the head with evil; he lets Vogel's sleazy cruelty seep through his pores." In Disney/Marvel's ANT-MAN AND THE WASP, the sequel to the superhero feature starring Paul Rudd, Goggins played 'Sonny Burch,' a character deep in the Marvel mythos. Additionally, he appeared in Twentieth Century Fox's MAZERUNNER: THE DEATH CURE, the third installment of the highly successful franchise that also opened at #1. In recent years, Goggins has had pivotal roles in films by two of Hollywood's most important auteurs: Quentin Tarantino and Steven Spielberg. His integral role as 'Chris Mannix,' a southern renegade who claims to be the new sheriff of Red Rock in Tarantino's THE HATEFUL EIGHT, marked his second collaboration with the Academy Award-winning writer/director. He previously played slave fight trainer 'Billy Crash' in Tarantino's 2012 DJANGO UNCHAINED. That same year, Goggins also appeared in Steven Spielberg's LINCOLN, where he portrayed Congressman 'Wells A. Hutchins.' For television, Goggins headlined and executive-produced season two of the contemporary espionage thriller "Deep State." He starred as 'Nathan Miller,' a former CIA operative who now works in the private sector as a fixer for the deep state and is at the heart of the new season. The series aired in the U.S. on EPIX, and Fox Networks Group Europe & Africa aired it globally in 50 markets in the summer of 2019. Goggins won a Critics Choice Award for his role opposite Danny McBride in the HBO series "Vice Principals," which aired for two seasons. Created by McBride and Jody Hill, who also created "Eastbound & Down," "Vice Principals" is a dark comedy about a high school and the two people who almost run it, the vice principals (McBride and Goggins). He starred in the first season of HISTORY's "Six," a military action drama from A+E Studios and The Weinstein Co that was the top new cable series of 2017 in total viewers. Inspired by current events, it followed an elite team of Navy SEALs whose mission to eliminate a Taliban leader in Afghanistan went awry when they uncovered a U.S. citizen working with the terrorists. Goggins played 'Rip Taggart,' the one-time leader of the SEAL team SIX squad. For over a decade, Goggins has been one of the most magnetic and intense actors on television. He received an Emmy® nomination and four Critics Choice Award nominations for his mesmerizing portrayal of 'Boyd Crowder' on FX's Peabody Award-winning Drama series "Justified," which ran for six seasons. Goggins' 'Boyd' was the long-time friend, yet ultimate nemesis to U.S. Marshal 'Raylan Givens' (Timothy Olyphant). Elmore Leonard, EP and writer of the short story "Fire in the Hole" on which the show is based, says of 'Boyd,' "There has never been a more poetic bad guy on television in the way that he sees the world." Goggins' critical turn as the complex transgender prostitute 'Venus Van Dam' on the FX drama series "Sons of Anarchy" earned him two Critics Choice Award nominations and helped shed a fresh light on the transgender community. For seven years Walton garnered much acclaim for his complex and edgy portrayal of 'Detective Shane Vendrell' on FX's gritty, award-winning drama series "The Shield." He was nominated for a Television Critics Association (TCA) Award in the category of "Individual Achievement in Drama." He has also taken his turn behind the camera. Goggins' collaborations with his partners at Ginny Mule Pictures include winning an Academy Award® for their 2001 short film, THE ACCOUNTANT, which he produced and starred in. The team produced, directed and starred in their first feature, CHRYSTAL, starring Billy Bob Thornton, which was accepted into the 2005 Sundance Film Festival's Dramatic Competition. For their third collaboration, Goggins produced and starred in the feature RANDY AND THE MOB, which won the Audience Award for Best Feature at the 2007 Nashville Film Festival. Goggins and his Ginny Mule partners completed their fourth feature, THAT EVENING SUN, starring Hal Holbrook and Goggins. The film made its world premiere at the South By Southwest (SXSW) Film Festival in Austin, TX in 2009, where it won the Narrative Feature Audience Award and received the Special Jury Award for "Best Ensemble Cast." It went on to win awards at over 14 film festivals, culminating with the honor of the "Wyatt Award" from the Southeastern Film Critics Association (SEFCA) and two Independent Spirit Award nominations. Goggins is co-owner of Mulholland Distilling, a portfolio of premium spirits reflecting the vibrant, rich culture of Los Angeles and one of the first spirits companies from the city of Los Angeles since prohibition. Its namesake William Mulholland was the visionary who expanded the boundaries and possibilities of L.A. by bringing water to the desert town. Now, Mulholland Distilling is bringing a different kind of water to the city, the water of life. American Whiskey. Vodka. Gin. "The Spirit of Los Angeles." With a mission to create artisanal spirits inspired by the diversity and verve of Los Angeles, the brand has worked with top distillers, blenders and mixologists across the nation to bring only the best to the City of Angels (www.mulhollanddistilling.com). Goggins enjoys traveling the world and has spent time in Namibia, Mozambique, South Africa, Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, Central America, Morocco and India. He is an avid photographer and has captured many of his journeys on film. BornNovember 10, 1971 More at IMDbPro Contact info Agent info Resume BornNovember 10, 1971 IMDbProStarmeter 12 5 Add to list View contact info at IMDbPro Nominated for 1 Primetime Emmy 8 wins & 31 nominations total "Fallout" Cast In and Out of Character "Fallout" Cast In and Out of Character Walton Goggins, Ella Purnell, and more ""Fallout" stars in and out of character.See the gallery Photos Photos430 Known for Justified 8.6 TV Series Boyd Crowder 2010–2015 • 74 eps The Hateful Eight 7.8 Sheriff Chris Mannix 2015 Predators 6.4 Stans 2010 Django Unchained 8.5 Billy Crash 2012 Credits Edit Actor106 Producer8 Soundtrack1 Self53Thanks7Archive Footage1IMDbPro Expand below Actor Upcoming 3 The White Lotus Released TV Series 2025 1 episode Press Your Luck Post-production Queen of the Ring Jack Pfefer Post-production Previous 103 Fallout 8.5TV Series The Ghoul Cooper Howard 2024 8 episodes Invincible 8.7TV Series Cecil Cecil Stedman (voice) 2021–2024 15 episodes The Uninvited 7.9 Sammy 2024 Justified: City Primeval 7.4TV Mini Series Boyd Crowder 2023 1 episode The Righteous Gemstones 8.1TV Series Baby Billy Baby Billy Freeman 2019–2023 18 episodes I'm a Virgo 7.1TV Series Hero 2023 5 episodes George & Tammy 7.5TV Series Earl 'Peanutt' Montgomery 2022–2023 6 episodes Dreamin' Wild 6.4 Joe 2022 The Last Days of Ptolemy Grey 7.8TV Series Dr. Rubin 2022 5 episodes Squidbillies 6.7TV Series (voice) 2021 1 episode John Bronco Rides Again 6.8Short John Bronco 2021 Spirit Untamed 5.5 Hendricks (voice) 2021 The Unicorn 7.2TV Series Wade Felton 2019–2021 31 episodes Fatman 5.9 Skinny Man 2020 John Bronco 6.8Short John Bronco 2020 See all Producer Previous 8 John Bronco Rides Again 6.8Short producer 2021 The Unicorn 7.2TV Series producer 2019–2021 31 episodes Deep State 7.1TV Series executive producer 2019 7 episodes This Is All of Us Short executive producer 2013 That Evening Sun 7.0 producer 2009 Randy and the Mob 5.8 producer 2007 Chrystal 6.5 producer 2004 The Accountant 7.6Short producer 2001 Soundtrack Previous 1 The Righteous Gemstones 8.1TV Series performer: "Home at Christmastime" performer: "Misbehavin'" 2019–2022 3 episodes Videos232 Clip 5:54 Why "Fallout" Needs a Second Season Clip 4:17 Why Walton Goggins Sweat Out of His Eyes for "Fallout" Clip 2:16 Why Everyone Is Talking About "Fallout" Clip 1:20 Straw Dogs (2011) Clip 1:00 Predators Clip 1:02 Predators Clip 1:01 Predators Clip 1:02 Predators Trailer 3:18 Official Trailer Trailer 2:34 Trailer #1 Trailer 2:27 Official Trailer Trailer 1:50 Official Trailer Personal details Edit Alternative name Walt Goggins Height 1.78 m Born November 10, 1971 Birmingham, Alabama, USA Spouses Nadia ConnersAugust 2011 - present (1 child) Children Augustus Goggins Parents Walton Sanders Goggins Sr Other works Print ads for Edifice's Black Label EQWM1 OODC-1A2 watch. Publicity listings 4 Articles Did you know Edit Trivia He initially turned down the role of Boyd Crowder on Justified (2010) because he was concerned it would be a negative stereotype of Southerners. He finally agreed to shoot the pilot, in which Boyd was originally killed. However, his character did so well with testing audiences that it was decided to reshoot the end of the pilot to allow Boyd to live and be a recurring character. Quotes The life of a character doesn't just exist between action and cut. Trademark His carrier is associated with two sides of law: often times he plays police officers and psycho-killers. Related news Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the gallery List Staff Picks: What to Watch in May See our picks Add demo reel with IMDbPro Make your IMDb page stand out by adding a demo reel Upload your demo reel Add demo reel with IMDbPro Make your IMDb page stand out by adding a demo reelUpload your demo reel How much have you seen? Keep track of how much of Walton Goggins’s work you have seen. Go to your list. List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See our picks Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app 3:07 'Twisters'3:07 Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real4:20 The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One'2:27 Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation1:01 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 2:46 'Despicable Me 4'2:46 Watch the New Trailer 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions3:58 Q&A With Ncuti Gatwa and Millie Gibson 2:02 June Squibb Is 'Thelma'2:02 Watch the Trailer 4:32 Taking on 'Challengers'4:32 Zendaya, Mike, and Josh Share Their Creative Process 3:23 "Hacks" Stars Talk Season 33:23 Our Interview With Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder 1:01 "The Boys" Are Back1:01 Watch the Season 4 Trailer 4:35 A Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers4:35 Watch the Tribute 6:32 Watch Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Lose It for 7 Minutes6:32 'The Fall Guy' Cast Talk Stunts and Margaritas 2:08 'Fancy Dance'2:08 Watch the Trailer 1:58 How 'Past Lives' Changed Greta Lee's Life1:58 Watch Our Interview Up next 1:58 How 'Past Lives' Changed Greta Lee's Life Watch Our Interview 3:07 'Twisters' Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One' Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 2:46 'Despicable Me 4' Watch the New Trailer Browse trailers Featured today List IMDb's 2024 Summer Watch Guide See our picks List The 2024 Festival Films You Need to Know See the list Photos The Doctor Through the Years See the Doctors List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See the list Photos The Best Photos of the Week See the gallery List Hollywood's Greatest Stunt Performers See the list List Roger Corman's 10 Highest-Rated Films See the list Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the full gallery Photos The Latest TV & Movie Posters See more posters 4:31 Easterseals Disability Film Challenge: Watch the Winners Watch the videos Photos 'Superman' First Look and More New Stills See more stills List IMDb's Asian and Pacific American Heritage Watchlist See the list List What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" See our recommendations List Staff Picks: What to Watch in May See our picks What to watch Get more recommendations More to watch IMDb helps you select the perfect next show or movie to watch. Watch GuideMost Popular Exclusive videos IMDb Originals Celebrity interviews, trending entertainment stories, and expert analysis 2:39 The Art of the Con in "Ripley" Watch now 2:59 How Dev Patel Directed a Movie With Only One Paw Watch now 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real Watch now 5:41 Anne Hathaway on Nicholas Galitzine's Heartthrob Status Watch now 3:23 Jean Smart & Hannah Einbinder on "Hacks" Season 3 Watch the interview 1:01 5 Animated & Live-Action Movie Mashups See our picks 1:40 4 Basketball Classics and 3 You May Have Missed See our picks 6:32 Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Talk Stunts and Spicy Margs Watch now 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions Watch now Explore what’s streaming Explore Movies & TV shows More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/?ref_=nv_home
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app 3:07 'Twisters'3:07 Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real4:20 The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One'2:27 Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation1:01 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 2:08 'Fancy Dance'2:08 Watch the Trailer 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions3:58 Q&A With Ncuti Gatwa and Millie Gibson 1:58 How 'Past Lives' Changed Greta Lee's Life1:58 Watch Our Interview 4:32 Taking on 'Challengers'4:32 Zendaya, Mike, and Josh Share Their Creative Process 1:01 "The Boys" Are Back1:01 Watch the Season 4 Trailer 4:35 A Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers4:35 Watch the Tribute 6:32 Watch Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Lose It for 7 Minutes6:32 'The Fall Guy' Cast Talk Stunts and Margaritas 3:23 "Hacks" Stars Talk Season 33:23 Our Interview With Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder 2:46 'Despicable Me 4'2:46 Watch the New Trailer 2:02 June Squibb Is 'Thelma'2:02 Watch the Trailer Up next 2:02 June Squibb Is 'Thelma' Watch the Trailer 3:07 'Twisters' Watch the New Trailer 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real The 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Dive Deep 2:27 'A Quiet Place: Day One' Watch the New Trailer 1:01 5 Picks That Blend Live Action & Animation 'IF', 'Enchanted,' and More 2:08 'Fancy Dance' Watch the Trailer Browse trailers Featured today List IMDb's 2024 Summer Watch Guide See our picks List The 2024 Festival Films You Need to Know See the list Photos The Doctor Through the Years See the Doctors List Hollywood's Greatest Stunt Performers See the list 4:31 Easterseals Disability Film Challenge: Watch the Winners Watch the videos Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the full gallery List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See the list List IMDb's Asian and Pacific American Heritage Watchlist See the list List What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" See our recommendations List Staff Picks: What to Watch in May See our picks Photos 'Superman' First Look and More New Stills See more stills Photos The Best Photos of the Week See the gallery Photos The Latest TV & Movie Posters See more posters List Roger Corman's 10 Highest-Rated Films See the list What to watch Get more recommendations More to watch IMDb helps you select the perfect next show or movie to watch. Watch GuideMost Popular Exclusive videos IMDb Originals Celebrity interviews, trending entertainment stories, and expert analysis 1:40 4 Basketball Classics and 3 You May Have Missed See our picks 3:58 "Doctor Who" Stars Answer Fan Questions Watch now 2:39 The Art of the Con in "Ripley" Watch now 4:20 Making 'Apes' Feel Real Watch now 5:41 Anne Hathaway on Nicholas Galitzine's Heartthrob Status Watch now 2:59 How Dev Patel Directed a Movie With Only One Paw Watch now 3:23 Jean Smart & Hannah Einbinder on "Hacks" Season 3 Watch the interview 6:32 Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Talk Stunts and Spicy Margs Watch now 1:01 5 Animated & Live-Action Movie Mashups See our picks Explore what’s streaming Explore Movies & TV shows More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/news/movie/?ref_=nv_nw_mv
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Movie News ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Swings to $72 Million at Overseas Box Office, Mighty $129 Million Globally Disney and 20th Century’s “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” climbed to $72.5 million at the international box office in its first weekend of release. The newest film in the long-running “Apes” series also notched No. 1 in North America with $56.5 million, bringing its initial global tally to a promising $129 million. Like its predecessors, the $160 million-budgeted “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” is projected to earn the bulk of its revenues at the international box office. Overseas, the movie enjoyed the biggest start in China with $11.4 million (a lackluster debut for the territory), France with $7.1 million, Mexico with $6.4 million and the United Kingdom with $4.8 million. Other top markets were Korea ($3.2 million), Australia ($2.7 million), Brazil ($2.6 million), Germany (2.2 million) and Spain ($2.2 million). Audiences opted to watch the film in the best possible quality as premium formats represented 41% of global box office revenues. In Imax alone, “Kingdom” earned $13.2 million worldwide, including $6.2 million from foreign territories. See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Rebecca Rubin Variety - Film News Roger Corman, Pioneering Independent Producer and King of B Movies, Dies at 98 Legendary B-movie king Roger Corman, who directed and produced hundreds of low-budget films and discovered such future industry stars as Jack Nicholson, Martin Scorsese and Robert De Niro, has died. He was 98. Corman died May 9 at his home in Santa Monica, Calif., surrounded by family members, the family confirmed to Variety. “His films were revolutionary and iconoclastic, and captured the spirit of an age. When asked how he would like to be remembered, he said, ‘I was a filmmaker, just that,'” the family said in a statement. Corman’s empire, which existed in several incarnations, including New World Pictures,... See full article at Variety - TV News 5/12/2024 by Richard Natale and Tim Gray Variety - TV News Walton Goggins Found Transforming Into the Ghoul in ‘Fallout’ Challenging: ‘It Was Extremely Uncomfortable’ Does Walton Goggins smell an Emmy approaching? Probably not, but only because his character in Amazon Prime Video’s hit “Fallout” TV series doesn’t have a nose. But nevertheless, his performance is earning rave reviews and awards voters are known to love a transformation. Goggins spent hours in the makeup chair before almost every shoot to turn into The Ghoul, a lone-wolf wastelander who’s been around for hundreds of years. In an interview with Deadline Studio at Prime Experience, Goggins acknowledged the difficulties of taking on this character physically and emotionally. “The very first time we did the application [of his mask],” Goggins said, “I asked to be left alone for an hour and a half outside and Jonah [Nolan] came by. I just sat outside by myself and just photographed it like in the sun and in the shade. I was extremely intimidated but excited to see how this Ferrari would work. See full article at Indiewire 5/13/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire A dog in the dock and another doing red carpet interviews: why has Cannes gone canine crazy? Once a celebration of arthouse raunch, the film festival has had to change in the #MeToo era. Is that why, on screen and off, pooches are everywhere this year? Our writer goes walkies on the Côte d’Azur One of the most eagerly anticipated talents about to grace the red carpet at Cannes this week is tall, blond, leggy and has a seductively husky voice. Par for the course, you might think, at the glitzy, notoriously libidinous film festival on the sun-kissed Côte d’Azur – were it not for that lolling tongue and the fact that the bag in the hands of the entourage is more likely to be a doggy-doo than a Birkin or Chanel. Fawn-maned griffon cross Kodi is the star of French-Swiss actor Laetitia Dosch’s directorial debut Dog on Trial, a film that feels precision-engineered for Cannes’ 77th edition in more ways than one. Dosch tells... See full article at The Guardian - Film News 5/13/2024 by Philip Oltermann The Guardian - Film News China Box Office: ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Opens on Top of Weekend Chart “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” debuted on top of the mainland China box office with an opening weekend score of $11.4 million (RMB81.1 million). That was only the fourth weekend this year that a Hollywood film has topped the China charts and the third time in 2024 that a Hollywood title has opened on top. “Apes” was also the top film this weekend in North America and international markets. Data from consultancy firm Artisan Gateway showed that the film accounted for some 30% of the theatrical total on a weekend where theaters earned a combined $38.2 million. The nationwide total represented a significant slump compared with the previous May Day holiday weekend which was worth $109 million. On a year-to-date basis, Chinese theaters have earned $2.92 billion. That still leaves China as the world’s biggest theatrical market so far in 2024, ahead of North America where cumulative takings amount to $2.92. But the gap may... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/13/2024 by Patrick Frater Variety - Film News Star Trek's Walter Koenig Had A Big Idea For His Cancelled Next Generation Cameo There were multiple crossovers between the original "Star Trek" and "Star Trek: The Next Generation." This first happened in the 1987 pilot episode of the latter, wherein DeForest Kelley appeared as a very elderly — 137! — Dr. McCoy. Then in 1991's "Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country," Captain Kirk (William Shatner) and Dr. McCoy were put on trial in a Klingon court, and their Klingon defense lawyer was played by "Next Generation" Worf actor Michael Dorn. There is some debate as to whether or not Dorn was playing an ancestor of Worf's in that film. What's more, Sarek (Mark Lenard) appeared on "Next Generation" in an episode devoted to him. Later still, Spock (Leonard Nimoy) appeared in a two-part episode of "Next Generation" as a rogue diplomat trying to reunify the Romulans and the Vulcans. Luckily, Vulcans are very long-lived. And finally, Scotty (James Doohan) appeared on an episode of "Next Generation," having... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Interview With The Vampire Season 2 Keeps One Of The Best Parts Of The Novel This post contains spoilers for AMC's "Interview with the Vampire." What is the price of being immortal? The true bane of immortality is erosion, where memories elongate and distort over time, and our perceptions of people ebb and flow with the power of hindsight and the lull of nostalgia. If an immortal were to narrate their lives on record, recount every delightful and traumatic memory in vivid detail, would these accounts be considered "truth"? This crucial question lies at the heart of the season 2 premiere of "Interview with the Vampire," which builds on the slanted truth of its first season and deepens the distortions of experiencing emotions that never end. The AMC show has already proven its ingenuity in adapting a classic novel series that is beloved and controversial. It has identified the core appeal of Anne Rice's "The Vampire Chronicles" by leaning on the novel series' danger-tinged... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Debopriyaa Dutta Slash Film Korea Box Office: ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Opens Second as ‘Roundup: Punishment’ Wins Third Weekend “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” opened in second place at the South Korean weekend box office, a distance behind local holdover title “The Roundup: Punishment.” “Punishment,” the fourth part of Don Lee’s “Roundup” action franchise, dominated proceedings for the third weekend in succession. It earned $5.53 million and advanced its cumulative total to $67.7 million, according to Kobis, the tracking service operated by the Korean Film Council (Kofic). Its earnings represented a still strong 58% share of the weekend theatrical market, but they were also down by 60% week-on-week, suggesting that “Punishment” may not reach the heights of the previous franchise elements. In 2022, “The Roundup” earned $95.7 million (using current rates of currency exchange), while last year “The Roundup: No Way Out” earned $76.3 million. “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” recorded $2.45 million between Friday and Sunday with a 26% market share. Over its full five-day opening in Korea, the film earned $3.10 million from 415,000 ticket sales. See full article at Variety - Film News 5/13/2024 by Patrick Frater Variety - Film News The American National Tragedy That Gave A Nightmare On Elm Street Its Name 40 years later, the original "A Nightmare on Elm Street" has more than earned its place in cinema history as a slasher classic. Written and directed by the late (and very much missed) Wes Craven, the 1984 horror film follows a group of teens from Springwood, Ohio -- which looks suspiciously like Los Angeles in several shots, but charmingly so -- as they begin dreaming of the same mysterious figure. This man, whose face is covered in burn marks and wears a glove armed with razor blades, is no shared figment of their imagination. He's Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund), the vengeful ghost of a local child murderer who now has the power to kill his victims in their sleep. Why is he vengeful? Freddy, you see, was eventually arrested but avoided punishment after getting off on a legal technicality. In retaliation, his victims' loved ones hunted him down and burnt him to death,... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Sandy Schaefer Slash Film Mark Damon, Veteran International Sales Executive and Actor, Dies at 91 Mark Damon, an actor-turned-independent sales executive who was a force in the foreign sales world and at film markets for many decades, died Sunday in Los Angeles, according to his wife. He was 91. Damon won the Golden Globe for Most Promising Newcomer for his starring role in 1960’s “House of Usher” for director Roger Corman, who died Thursday, then went on to appear in numerous Spaghetti Westerns and other B-movies shot in Europe, from “Johnny Yuma” to Mario Bava’s “Black Sabbath.” Born Alan Harris in Chicago, Damon earned an Mba at UCLA, then moved to Rome where he established a busy acting career. When he returned to the U.S., he founded Producers Sales Organization to bring American independent films to international distributors, helping launch the American Film Market and Independent Film & Television Alliance. He explained how his business started in a 2013 Variety profile: “Back in 1975, it was very tough. See full article at Variety - Film News 5/13/2024 by Pat Saperstein Variety - Film News The Only Sean Connery Movie That Has A Perfect Rotten Tomatoes Score When you think of Sean Connery, you probably think of either James Bond or Indiana Jones' dad. If you grew up in the '90s you might even think of that movie where he was on a submarine, or vaguely recall the marketing for a film where he played opposite Catherine Zeta-Jones. But there's no doubt that long before Connery was advising the "Hunt for Red October" director to rewrite the film's script, or complaining about "Entrapment" having too many special effects, he was best known as either England's greatest spy or as Dr. Henry Jones, Sr. Still, when it comes to an actor as talented as Connery, not everyone thinks of these roles as his best. If you ask Christopher Nolan, for instance, he'll tell you that the Scottish star's finest performance came in Sidney Lumet's 1973 crime drama "The Offence," with Nolan recently celebrating the film for containing... See full article at Slash Film 5/13/2024 by Joe Roberts Slash Film Why DeAnne Smith Featured Their Ex-Boobs in Hannah Gadsby’s Latest Netflix Special It’s a cardinal rule of entertainment obsession that if any movie, TV show, or special explicitly offers you contact information — be it a phone number, a social media account, or an email address — you try to use it. Following that lead out of “Hannah Gadsby’s Gender Agenda,” which debuted March 5 on Netflix, DeAnne Smith discovered a bouncy and bold new reason for sneaking just that sort of bonus content into stand-up comedy. Commemorating their specific experience as a nonbinary person through a secret inbox for fans (something Smith is still managing in their spare time offstage months later), the agender comedian found a means of connecting to both cis and trans people through a shared interest: boobs. “I wanted to talk about top surgery because I know that’s not relatable to everyone, but I wanted to reach people that it was relatable to,” Smith told IndieWire. For the... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Alison Foreman Indiewire Screenwriting Couple Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver Offer Advice on Breaking into Industry: ‘Try to Make the Stories as Personal as Possible’ “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” may not feature the words of screenwriting power couple Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver, but their imprint is all over the reboot franchise and because of the producer credit they fought for when they wrote “Rise,” their names will be too. Having been an agent before he transitioned into screenwriting, Jaffa was well acquainted with the benefits of obtaining producer status and it has since allowed him and wife Amanda Silver to maintain ownership over a reboot franchise many consider to be better than its predecessor. In a recent interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Jaffa said his creative shift away from agency work wasn’t much of a surprise, but that Silver helped him along. “I loved movies and saw a ton of films,”Jaffa said of how he spent his youth. “I would drive from the small town I grew up in... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire First Ideas For Dune's Opening Scenes Would Have Eaten Up The Entire Movie Budget For many years, Frank Herbert's "Dune" saga was described as impossible to adapt. Oh, people tried (check out our ranking of the "Dune" movies/TV here), but it wasn't until director Denis Villeneuve's two recent "Dune" films (with a third movie forthcoming) that one of these efforts was acclaimed. Villeneuve went from making a sequel to "Blade Runner" to adapting a story deemed a white whale. You can't say he doesn't have ambition, but even he has his limits. Speaking to IndieWire in 2022, "Dune" screenwriter Eric Roth described his original pitch for the movie's opening sequence. Essentially, it was the Book of Genesis, Arrakis edition: "I started the movie with what would seem to be 'Genesis — 'and God created'— and you think you're seeing the formation of the Earth. And it's Dune, with wild animals, things you've never seen." Roth remembered Villeneuve's answer, "This is magnificent, but... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Devin Meenan Slash Film Mark Damon, film sales pioneer and former leading man, dies on eve of Cannes aged 91 Mark Damon, the former spaghetti western leading man who turned to a pioneering career in independent sales and financing and was a fixture at the film markets, has died on the eve of Cannes. He was 91. Damon’s representatives confirmed he died in Los Angeles on Sunday (May 12). Damon produced, packaged and sold numerous films and led Producer Sales Organization (Pso), Vision International, Mdp Worldwide, Media 8, and most recently Foresight Unlimited. He attended Cannes dozens of times and produced or served as executive producer on more than 70 films. One of his most illustrious producer credits came at Media 8 with Patty Jenkins’ Monster. See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily The Only Major Actors Still Alive From Thx 1138 Before "Star Wars," there was "Thx 1138." A strange, dystopic science fiction movie packed with big ideas up to its eyeballs, "Thx 1138" is now mostly known as the feature directorial debut of one George Walton Lucas Jr. (though it also came back in conversation when the best episode of "Andor" paid homage to it). The future Lucasfilm founder originally created this story of repressed emotions and stymied sexuality as a student film, but by the time it was reimagined as a feature, it had gained backing from Warner Bros. Lucas' American Zoetrope co-founder Francis Ford Coppola also had faith in the movie, and served as one of its producers. "Thx 1138" starred Robert Duvall, then already known for his work on stage and television, not to mention in films like "To Kill A Mockingbird," "M*A*S*H," and "True Grit." Future "Halloween" actor Donald Pleasence co-starred, along with a then-unknown actress named Maggie McOmie. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Valerie Ettenhofer Slash Film Amy Poehler Wants ‘Inside Out’ Series to Be Like Michael Apted’s ‘Up’ Saga, Show Character Riley as ‘a Young Adult, and a Young Mother’ Is Disney about to have its own “Before” series? Just as Richard Linklater’s day-in-the-life romances touch in on the lives of Celine and Jesse at different points in their lives, Amy Poehler would like to see the “Inside Out” sequels explore main character Riley’s emotions at different stages in her aging. “I just think that they should make these films like ‘Seven Up,’ every couple of years in Riley’s life,” she said in an interview with Empire. “A young adult, and a young mother, and I think a middle-aged person — everyone’s having these very distinct new emotions that are showing up all the time.” Speaking to IndieWire last month for a sneak peek of “Inside Out 2,” the film’s director Kelsey Mann echoed that idea of “new emotions showing up” being central to how he looked at this new chapter. “I hated everyone looking at me,... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire How An Unassuming Lucasfilm Employee Ended Up Playing Jedi Aayla Secura In Star Wars "Star Wars" is very unique even in and amongst other major franchises. One thing that stands out is that even minor characters with mere seconds of screen time can achieve some form of infamy in the greater pop culture consciousness. Boba Fett, played by actor Jeremy Bulloch, remains the best example of this. But Amy Allen experienced her own version of this phenomenon when she played the Twi'lek Jedi Master Aayla Secura in George Lucas' prequel trilogy. Aayla appeared in both "Attack of the Clones" and "Revenge of the Sith," though she traces her roots back to the pages of the "Star Wars" comics published by Dark Horse in the early 2000s, having appeared on the cover of "Star Wars" #33 in 2001 as part of the "Darkness" arc, for example. So, how did Allen come to bring the Jedi to life on the big screen? The actress explained to Tatooine Times... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Ryan Scott Slash Film Susan Backlinie, Who Played the First Shark Attack Victim in ‘Jaws,’ Dies at 77 Susan Backlinie, who played the first shark attack victim in Steven Spielberg’s “Jaws,” has died. She was 77. Backlinie died Saturday morning at her California home due to a heart attack, Convention All Stars owner Sean Clark confirmed to Variety. The former actor and stuntwoman was one of the company’s clients. Backlinie was best known for her role as Chrissie Watkins in “Jaws,” who is dragged to her death by a killer shark in the 1975 film’s iconic opening scene. Backlinie specialized in swimming work as a stunt performer. Contrary to widespread belief, Backlinie’s screams of anguish in the “Jaws” opening scene were not due to her being injured by the harness that jerked her back and forth. However, no one warned Backlinie when she would be pulled underwater in order to get a genuine reaction from her. Variety‘s “Jaws” review said of the shark attack sequences:... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Selena Kuznikov and Michaela Zee Variety - Film News ‘The Idea of You’ Author Robinne Lee on Anne Hathaway’s ‘Rocky’ Moment and How She Aims to Inspire Black Women Authors Back in 2017, Robinne Lee dropped by a local L.A. news station for an interview promoting her role in “Fifty Shades Darker,” the second film in the steamy series based on books by E.L. James. “You’re venturing out a little bit now with a new novel…” the Kcal anchor said to Lee, whose filmography already included “Deliver Us From Eva,” “Hitch” and “13 Going on 30,” teeing the actor up to mention her career pivot. “I have a novel coming out this spring called ‘The Idea of You,’” Lee replied, grinning. The premise was unique: A divorced mother and art gallery owner, living in L.A. on the precipice of turning 40, takes her daughter to a concert meet-and-greet and the 20-year-old lead singer of the band falls in love with her. The story, Lee explained, was “as much about a love story complicated by celebrity and the underbelly of... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Angelique Jackson and Michaela Zee Variety - Film News The Firehose Scene In Stephen King's Carrie Caused A Serious, Real-Life Injury "Carrie" is the book that put Stephen King on the map. When King wrote it, he was struggling financially, eking out a living selling short stories and teaching high school. Then he sat down to write what was first a short story that turned into a novella that turned into a novel. The novel was "Carrie," the story of a bullied teenage girl with telekinesis. The book wasn't a blockbuster when it was published in hardcover, but by the time it hit paperback, it flew off the shelves and King was on his way to becoming one of the best-selling novelists of all time. Sure enough, Hollywood came calling. The book was published in 1974, and by 1976, Brian De Palma's dreamy film adaptation arrived in theaters, starring Sissy Spacek as poor, doomed Carrie White, a girl who is tormented by pretty much everyone, including her Bible-loving mother (played by Piper Laurie) and her classmates. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Chris Evangelista Slash Film Voltage Pictures launching Cannes sales on racing drama ‘Faster’ (exclusive) Voltage Pictures launches Cannes sales this week on the motor racing drama Faster, which is currently shooting in France. Radar Films’ Clément Miserez and Matthieu Wart are producing the project, which is called Rapide in France, where Universal has targeted a February 2025 theatrical release. Morgan S. Dalibert, whose credits include Aka, directs the story starring French influencer Paola Locatelli from Netflix’s Dangerous Liaisons as Max, a speed freak who loves karting and dreams of winning the Formula 1 championship. Conquering every junior competition, at the age of 17 she realises the professional racing world remains a fortress, reluctant to welcome a... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily Doctor Who's First Musical Episode Should've Taken A Cue From Buffy The Vampire Slayer The new "Doctor Who" season's second installment, "The Devil's Chord," is the closest the show's come to a proper musical episode. Sure, there was that brief musical number in the latest Christmas episode, and that one song-based resolution in season 7, but we've never seen the show embrace the music quite like this one. There are multiple original numbers, including a battle where the villain's using floating notations like a cowboy swinging a lasso around. It's fun when "Doctor Who" goes full weird, and this episode is an exciting promise of more musical weirdness to come. But judging the episode by proper musical standards, how does it hold up? Well, not great. There's the problem that "There's Always a Twist At the End" is the only genuine catchy banger in the bunch, but more importantly, we never really got to hear the Doctor and Ruby sing about anything that matters. Sure,... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Michael Boyle Slash Film Steven Spielberg's Biggest Minority Report Inspiration Had Nothing To Do With Sci-Fi Steven Spielberg's filmmaking techniques took a large bound forward in 2001 with the release of "A.I. Artificial Intelligence." The sci-fi film, set in a near future populated by conscious androids, was a project Spielberg took over from an ailing Stanley Kubrick, who passed on it when he felt Spielberg could do it better. In "A.I.," Spielberg's photography and editing were very different from the slick, adventure films and glossy prestige pictures he had become popular making. Now everything was hazy, staid, more deliberate.  Although he had already won three Oscars (two for "Schindler's List" and one for "Saving Private Ryan") and was widely considered to be a reigning master of Hollywood's blockbuster class, Spielberg evolved. After 2001, Spielberg's career bifurcated into dispassionate effects-based thrillers wherein the filmmaker was merely experimenting, and deeply passionate political thrillers that used the politics of the past to reflect on issues of the day. The official... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Justin Lin Believes Cultural Labels Can Hurt Careers: ‘I Do Think There Are Restrictions’ Nowadays, when people hear the name Justin Lin, they think big-time Hollywood director with installments in both the “Star Trek” reboot film series and the “Fast & Furious” franchise. But back in 2002, he was just an indie filmmaker with one little-known feature under his belt and not much credit to his name. That all changed with one film, his 2002 Sundance breakout, “Better Luck Tomorrow,” which he also edited, co-wrote, and co-produced with the help of Mr. “Can’t Touch This” himself, Mc Hammer. The film chronicles a group of young Asians in America who start as overachievers but quickly turn to a life of crime and violence. Though not based on a real story, Lin was influenced by the violence he saw in his 20s, such as the Columbine shootings and more directly the murder of Stuart Tay. Speaking in a retrospective interview on the film with IGN, Lin said of the film’s success,... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire Jennifer Lawrence Slams Mike Pence at GLAAD Media Awards: ‘Conversion Therapy Isn’t Real,’ Even Though ‘You Think It Worked on You’ Ross Matthews wasn’t three words into his opening monologue at the 35th annual GLAAD Awards in New York City Saturday evening when a protester stood up from the audience to shout, “GLAAD is complicit in genocide.” The lone pro-Palestine advocate, blanketed by a wide-eyed room who let out a few jeers — “Who are you, you weirdo?” one donor shouted — was slowly, if not ceremoniously escorted from the room before she gave a final jab: “And so are all of you.” “Thank you for your free speech. I’m so glad you have freedom,” Matthews, the evening’s host, said from the stage in an awkward attempt to recognize the protester. “Well, that was uncomfy for all of us, but we have to fight for everyone’s rights. Thank you for my opener,” he moved on, back on his feet. And so set the tone for the evening. Each year in a star-studded ceremony,... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Michael Appler Variety - Film News Lucy Liu Honored at Gold House Gala: ‘You Have Made Me Feel Proud. I Feel Like It’s Been Very Lonely’ Lucy Liu was honored with the Legend award at the third annual Gold House Gold Gala on Saturday in Los Angeles. Liu delivered a passionate speech after accepting the award from Regina King. “What I love about Regina is that she always makes choices that are for her,” Liu told the audience. “When I started over 30 years ago, there weren’t a lot of choices that I could make for myself.” Liu — whose credits include “Ally McBeal,” “Elementary,” “Kill Bill Vol. 1,” “Charlie’s Angels” and Steven Soderbergh’s “Presence” — talked about having to make casting decisions “because of limitations.” She said, “I love that we are all here tonight because there is no ceiling, and I’ve never seen that for myself. I want us to all collectively understand how special this moment is that we are together as a community. I share this award with you because you have lifted me up,... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Jazz Tangcay Variety - Film News ‘Kingdom of the Planet Apes’ Is Not Enough to Achieve a $100 Million Box-Office Weekend “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” (Disney) opened to $56.5 million, slightly above pre-opening projections, which is encouraging after “The Fall Guy” (Universal) last week. That’s a relief to theaters that hope summer releases meet their potential and buffer what is expected to be a major drop in revenues versus last year. 20th Century Fox released “Planet of the Apes” in 1968. For an old franchise, this is one that still has plenty of life: The “Kingdom” opening matched the last “Apes” installment in 2017 (albeit when tickets cost 15 percent less). Speaking of old franchises, it also beat the $55 million opening of the 2021 Bond entry “No Time to Die.” Disappointing B Cinemascore aside, “Kingdom” seems poised for a solid run. The opening for “Kingdom” doubled that of “The Fall Guy;” that differential happens to reflect the difference in the films’ production budgets. “Apes” took in an initial $129 million worldwide. “The Fall Guy... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Tom Brueggemann Indiewire Summer TV Preview: Over 35 Series Must-See Series To Watch The summer TV series is here, and some of it has already commenced. Yes, some of these shows have aired already, but given most of them will be playing throughout the next few months—given the binge model seems to be going away on most channels, networks, and streamers other than Netflix—it looks more than ok to join them mid-airing. It should be said that summer previews are weird in that many streamers, networks, and cable channels do not reveal their entire lineups until maybe a month or two before release. Continue reading Summer TV Preview: Over 35 Series Must-See Series To Watch at The Playlist. See full article at The Playlist 5/12/2024 by Rodrigo Perez The Playlist The Marvels' Monica Rambeau Character Explained One of the best running gags in "The Marvels" involves Monica Rambeau (Teyonah Parris) and the search for a perfect superhero name. Despite a fair amount of enthusiasm from Kamala Khan (Iman Vellani), whose own alter ego was not-so-subtly inspired by her obsession with Captain Marvel (Brie Larson), Monica is seemingly uninterested in that particular hero perk. By the end of "The Marvels," she's still just Monica Rambeau — despite powering up in a major way, saving the universe from an errant wormhole, and ending up in an entirely new timeline. Monica's arc across the Marvel Cinematic Universe is pretty different from her peers, but it largely works to her benefit. In the comics, Monica is a superhero who's burned through a number of superhero nicknames. She's been called Photon, Spectrum, and even Captain Marvel throughout her tenure on the page — and her ever-changing role in the comics seems to have... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Lyvie Scott Slash Film The Most Confusing Parts Of David Lynch's Blue Velvet, Explained This post contains spoilers for "Blue Velvet." David Lynch's cinematic world tiptoes between stark reality and nightmarish dreams, where quaint, perfect lives and locales often hide Boschian hells. While some Lynchian small towns are infused with poetic romanticism despite harboring great evils (such as Twin Peaks), others, like Lumberton, weave an insincere facade with its aura of suburban bliss: a sentiment that forms the crux of Lynch's sensational, oft-misunderstood "Blue Velvet." Most of Lynch's work defies objective analysis, as the foundational ideas he embeds into his stories feel abstract and elusive, but are always tethered to reality in essential and terrifying ways. Although "Blue Velvet" helms one of the most straightforward narratives in Lynch's oeuvre — it is neither as labyrinthine nor heady as "Inland Empire" or "Mulholland Drive" — the film's graphic depictions of psychosexual impulses tend to confuse and alienate, with the merging of the real and the... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Debopriyaa Dutta Slash Film Anya Taylor-Joy Looks Back on the Wasteland and Her First Time Viewing ‘Furiosa’: ‘I Found it Very Traumatizing to Watch’ The wasteland can be a brutal place. Diegetically within the world of George Miller’s “Mad Max” film series and physically for the actors who have to inhabit it. Speaking with Variety for an interview on her upcoming role in “Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga,” star of the much-hyped prequel Anya Taylor-Joy discussed the challenges of taking on this role and how leaning into it was the only way through it. “I had the earliest call time of my life: 1:45 a.m.,” Taylor-Joy said. “I’d be like, ‘I just wrapped! What do you mean?! It’s a mistake!’” Part of that early call time involved Taylor-Joy getting into makeup, a process that required she be covered head-to-toe in the sand and sweat of Miller’s world. “You will not believe how dirty I had to be for it to read on camera,” she said to Variety. “The first... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire Ron Howard Remembers Roger Corman’s Mentorship and Impact on Filmmaking: ‘What a Life’ Roger Corman, who died Saturday at 98, was famously involved with many of the greats of filmmaking at the start of their careers. In the case of Ron Howard, he helped the young actor transition from being a child star into a versatile director, giving him his first directing job with the action comedy “Grand Theft Auto” in 1977. Howard noted that Corman was also known for giving women more opportunities than they typically had in the film industry at that time, including Penelope Spheeris and Gale Ann Hurd. Howard paid tribute to Corman Sunday morning in a heartfelt message, writing, “Roger not only mentored a couple of generations of high profile filmmakers, but he also opened doors to many on the production side who were struggling to find career paths in the industry. When I was working for Roger, he had far more women in positions of authority throughout his company... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Pat Saperstein Variety - Film News One Of Star Trek's First Deaths In The Original Series Had William Shatner Cracking Up In the "Star Trek" episode "The Deadly Years", an away team beams down to the planet Gamma Hydra IV to investigate a seemingly disused research station. They find several people who have died of old age and a 60-something couple who claim to be in their 20s. The away team returns to the Enterprise, not knowing they have contracted a kind of radiation sickness that causes accelerated aging. Kirk (William Shatner) begins going gray, while Dr. McCoy (DeForest Kelley) and Scotty (James Doohan) quickly develop wrinkled, craggy faces. Hit hardest is Lieutenant Galway (Beverly Washburn), a science officer not previously seen on the show. She ages the most rapidly, moving from her early 20s to her late 90s in a day. Before the end of the episode, Galway will have died of old age. Washburn was interviewed by StarTrek.com back in 2013, and she remembered shooting "The Deadly Years" quite well. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Maya Rudolph Delivers the ‘Mother’ of All ‘SNL’ Monologues with Drag Ball Themed Extravaganza For her third round of hosting duties on “Saturday Night Live,” “Mother” Maya Rudolph did not disappoint. Having been a cast member from 2000 to 2007, Rudolph is well acquainted with that 30 Rock stage, and has played a litany of memorable characters. In honor of Mother’s Day, current “SNL” cast-mates Sarah Sherman and Bowen Yang joined Rudolph onstage to honor her legacy and declare her a true “Moth-errr”. “You’re a 30 Rock legend,” Sherman said. “You’ve had your foot on our necks since Y2K.” Rudolph was disbelieving of this praise at first, but Yang quickly interjected to second Sherman’s claim. “You were the first to slay the house down boots queen!” he exclaimed to Rudolph. “You have achieved extra-terrestrial mother status!” said Sherman. “Me? Mother?” questioned Rudolph. “You’re right.” Cue a pumpin’ beat and Kenan Thompson in a Law Roach-inspired wig, holding a tiny purse in one... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Harrison Richlin Indiewire Doha Film Institute Qumra Special 2024 Browse Screen’s Qumra special edition, which looks back on the 2024 edition of the Doha Film Institute’s (Dfi) incubator event that took place from March 1-6. The issue profiles the event’s six masterclasses delivered by the likes of Toni Collette, Jim Sheridan and Claire Denis, and rounds up the festival hits supported by the Dfi. Click here to read the digital edition... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily Robert Downey Jr. Invented A Whole 'Language' For Summoning Iron Man's Suit In Jon Favreau's 2008 superhero film "Iron Man," Tony Stark spends a large portion of the movie inventing and building a high-tech, skintight suit of armor that is equipped with rocket boosters, missiles, and automated servos that increase Tony's physical strength. In order to put the suit on, Tony required an additional, assembly-line-like machine that sealed the various pieces of the armor around his body. In the many "Iron Man" sequels that followed, however, the process of getting in and out of the suit became quicker and more streamlined. In one film, Tony thrusts his fists into a briefcase, and his suit stretches and assembles around him. Later, the "assembly line" process is so swift that Tony can remove his suit without having to stop walking. Eventually -- and perhaps boringly -- the suit became a sort of liquid metal like in "Terminator 2," shlorping around Tony almost instantly. In... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Box Office: ‘Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes’ Climbs to No. 1 With $56 Million Debut Primates ruled over the North American box office, as “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” collected $56.5 million in its first weekend of release. Those ticket sales were a hair above early projections of $50 million to $55 million and were easily enough to tower over the nonexistent competition. “Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes” opened roughly even with two of the three prior installments in the rebooted franchise, landing behind only 2014’s “Dawn of the Planet of the Apes” (a series-best $72 million) and ahead of 2017’s “War for the Planet of the Apes” ($56.2 million) and 2011’s “Rise of the Planet of the Apes” ($54.8 million). “The weekend figure is roughly average for the genre, but average here is based on the biggest action films of all time,” says David A. Gross of movie consulting firm Franchise Entertainment Research. “This is an excellent opening.” An opening that’s in line with projections is great and all,... See full article at Variety - Film News 5/12/2024 by Rebecca Rubin Variety - Film News How The Sci-Fi Series Farscape Set Out To Do The Opposite Of Star Trek A handsome American ends up stranded on an alien ship, manned by an unusual alien crew, where he falls in love with its resident warrior woman. It's not "Guardians of the Galaxy," it's "Farscape," the Australian-American sci-fi series! The series was created by Rockne S. O'Bannon and Brian Henson with alien designs courtesy of the Jim Henson Company, including several puppets that served as central characters. "Farscape" is funny, campy, and weird as hell, setting it apart from not only its television contemporaries but all other sci-fi shows. "Farscape" ran for four seasons from 1999-2003, and while it wasn't as popular as some of the other big sci-fi shows, it has a devoted cult following that really loves it.  In a retrospective for the show's 25th anniversary at IGN, Henson shared his inspiration for the show and what he and O'Bannon were trying to do with "Farscape." With its wacky... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Danielle Ryan Slash Film A Tribute to Alfred Hitchcock’s Many Mothers There’s a story Alfred Hitchcock always liked to tell about how, when he was five years old, his father dropped him off at the local police station near his home in East London. William Hitchcock left a note for the coppers explaining that his son had been misbehaving. A policeman locked young Alfred in a cell for a few minutes and explained, “This is what we do to naughty boys.” When Hitchcock recounted that story to Dick Cavett he was in his 70s, but the incident continued to leave a profound mark on the director. He said he was still “terrified of the police” because of that and drew a connection from that to the feelings of guilt and wrong-men-on-the-run paranoia that seeps into so many of his films. The funny thing is, though, father characters are almost entirely absent from Hitchcock’s work. There are a few: Cedric Hardwicke... See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Christian Blauvelt Indiewire Roger Corman, Legendary B-Movie Producer And Director, Has Died At 98 Roger Corman, the B-movie legend who helped launch the careers of Martin Scorsese, James Cameron, and Francis Ford Coppola, among many others, has passed away at the age of 98. His family told Variety that he died on Thursday, May 9, at his home in Santa Monica, surrounded by his loved ones. The family also released this statement: "His films were revolutionary and iconoclastic, and captured the spirit of an age. When asked how he would like to be remembered, he said, 'I was a filmmaker, just that.'" It's no exaggeration to say that Hollywood wouldn't be the same without Roger Corman. In a career that spanned half a century and hundreds of films, he directed and/or produced B-movie hits and cult classics like "House of Usher," "The Little Shop of Horrors," "Death Race 2000," and "Attack of the Crab Monsters" (not to mention a famously unreleased "Fantastic Four" movie... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Hannah Shaw-Williams Slash Film These Bones Storylines Were A 'Nightmare' For The Showrunners To Figure Out Serialized storylines are, naturally, tricky for shows that are, by design, inherently episodic. When "House" devoted a large chunk of its third season to the relentless Detective Michael Tritter (David Morse) trying to get back at Hugh Laurie's misanthropic diagnostician for humiliating him, the series' writers were banking on viewers not losing interest before the pair's conflict had concluded. As one of those viewers, let me tell you: It's a good thing they didn't push their luck any further than they did, even if pitting House against a cop was about as effective a way as any to get us to overlook the former's many, many blatantly unethical indiscretions and root for him to outwit this wannabe Moriarty to his Sherlock. "Bones," like "House," was primarily episodic, with its namesake, Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel), and her other half, FBI agent Seeley Booth (David Boreanaz), typically wrapping up a... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Sandy Schaefer Slash Film The 10 Most Villainous Characters In Star Wars, Ranked "Star Wars" has one of the biggest worlds in fiction, a vast universe with extensive mythology, a sense of history, locations that feel tangible, and characters that come across as real, living beings. This last bit is important, because "Star Wars" has given plenty of memorable characters, where even small players can turn out to have galaxy-changing importance. Then there are the villains, of which "Star Wars" has plenty, including some of the most memorable villains in cinema history, with their own stories worth exploring. But while we all know the menacing man-turned-machine Darth Vader or the devil-looking Maul, are they really the worst villains in the franchise? As "Star Wars" has evolved and grown over the years, its villains have become less flashy and more, well, evil. That's why we're ranking the most evil and villainous characters in George Lucas' galaxy far, far away. As a note, this list... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Rafael Motamayor Slash Film ‘Sonic Isn’t Actually a Hedgehog’: How ‘Smiling Friends’ Looked to ’90s Video Games to Create Its Weirdest Character Yet From cancelled celebrity frogs to heartbroken shrimp, the vast “Smiling Friends” universe is home to a lot of strange side characters. But co-creators Michael Cusack and Zach Hadel took things to another level for the Season 2 premiere of their Adult Swim series. The episode, which sports the concise title “Gwimbly: Definitive Remastered Enhanced Extended Edition Dx 4K (Anniversary Director’s Cut),” follows the eponymous Smiling Friends as they attempt to cheer up Gwimbly, a beloved ’90s video game character who is unable to star in new games because the evil corporation known as Insane Groundbreaking Games refuses to grant him access to his own I.P. The episode, which was previewed for fans last month after the network’s puppet-filled April Fool’s prank, is a classic “Smiling Friends” adventure that sees the gang rescue Gwimbly from his sad life of making undignified Cameo videos and help him produce his own independent game. See full article at Indiewire 5/12/2024 by Christian Zilko Indiewire The One Thing Star Trek's George Takei Really Wanted For Sulu But Never Got In the original "Star Trek," only three actors were credited at the start of the show: William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, and DeForest Kelley. For many watching the series -- and for the actors especially -- those three were the leads, while the rest of the recurring ensemble were mere supporting players. Shatner, Nimoy, and Kelley certainly had the most screen time on "Star Trek," yet they often advocated for more. Eventually, Shatner and Nimoy became such whiny spotlight hogs that show creator Gene Roddenberry had to write an angry letter, demanding the actors stop whining and get back to work. Trekkies, however, knew better than Shatner and Nimoy. "Star Trek" was always an ensemble piece about a core cast of multiple characters. In addition to the three "leads," the show also regularly featured chief engineer Scott/Scotty (James Doohan), communications officer Uhura (Nichelle Nichols), Ensign Chekov (Walter Koenig), Yeoman Rand... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Witney Seibold Slash Film Keeping Footprints Out Of Frame In Dune Was A Living 'Nightmare' For The Crew Even if you weren't that big a fan of the bleak blockbuster that was "Dune: Part Two" or the equally bleak whisper-shout fest that was its 2021 predecessor "Dune," you've got to admire the artistry involved. If you take even a brief look at the effort that went into it, conceiving and creating the planet Arrakis was nothing short of an ordeal. Director Denis Villeneuve wasn't going to let "Dune" or its sequel become yet another generic CGI-laden blockbuster affair. Instead, he wanted to convey a real sense of texture and reality, even while bringing to life such fantastical source matter as Frank Herbert's 1965 novel. There's a reason the visual effects team won an Oscar for the first "Dune." Not only did they manage to convincingly create scale, but they also managed to achieve Villeneuve's aim of making the film feel authentic despite the sheer amount of digital and practical effects work involved. See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Joe Roberts Slash Film Why Thor Was One Of The Most 'Daunting' Marvel Roles To Cast Marvel hasn't been having the best time of late and the shaky attempt to recapture lightning in a bottle that was "Thor: Love and Thunder" is a good example. Whereas its predecessor, "Thor: Ragnarok," saw star Chris Hemsworth leaning into his comedic sensibilities to great effect, even Hemsworth himself agreed that "Love and Thunder" was just too silly. But when the God of Thunder made his Marvel Cinematic Universe debut all the way back in 2011, the opposite was true. Whereas "Iron Man," the film that changed Hollywood forever by kicking off the massively popular interconnected universe, was led by Robert Downey Jr. and his magnetic charisma, 2011's "Thor" was a darker affair that embraced the character's origins and delivered what was essentially a fantasy adventure with relative unknowns in the lead roles of Thor and Loki. In the late-aughts, Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston did not enjoy the superstar status they do today,... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Joe Roberts Slash Film Roger Corman, indie pioneer and B-movie godfather, dies aged 98 Roger Corman, a pioneer of low-cost independent filmmaking and the godfather of B-movies who produced hundreds of genre films in a career spanning eight decades, has died. He was 98. During a prolific career that started in the 1950s and encompassed all genre, Corman directed the 1960 original The Little Shop Of Horrors – reportedly shot in two days – as well as The Man With The X-Ray Eyes, The Trip, The Wasp Woman, The Masque Of The Red Death, House Of Usher, and The Raven – the last three counting among a number of Edgar Allan Poe adaptations. Dubbed ’the Pope of Pop Cinema... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 ScreenDaily 11 Things About The Predator Series That Make No Sense Although never named in any entries of the franchise, the deadly aliens in the "Predator" series are a species called the Yautja (pronounced "Yah-oot-Cha"). The films themselves do little to explain where they come from and what their civilization might be like. What little we know is based on seeing a few of them as intergalactic big-game trophy hunters, but is this true of their entire society? Is their civilization centered around the hunt? Or are the Predators we've seen pariahs, the Yautja equivalent to big-game trophy hunters like Walter Palmer, widely criticized for his participation in the controversial killing of both Cecil the lion and a protected ram in Mongolia? In 2010's "Predators," Royce (Adrien Brody) quotes Hemingway, "Certainly there is no hunting like the hunting of man and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never really care for anything else thereafter." Like us,... See full article at Slash Film 5/12/2024 by Maurice Molyneaux Slash Film 2024 film festivals and markets calendar: latest dates Screen is running this regularly updated page with the latest film festival and market dates from across the world. To submit details of or alter your festival dates, please contact us here with the name, dates, country and website for the event. Screen is also running a calendar for UK-Ireland film release dates here. Ongoing JFilm Festival, US - May 2-12 UK Asian Film Festival, UK - May 2-12 Seattle International Film Festival, US - May 9-19 Los Angeles International Children’s Film Festival Part 2, US - May 11-26 May Cannes Film Festival, France - May 14-25 Marche Du Film,... See full article at ScreenDaily 5/12/2024 by Ben Dalton ScreenDaily 50 more IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/originals/?ref_=nv_sf_ori
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app IMDb ORIGINALS HOME Originals Watch exclusive interviews of your favorite stars, catch up on the latest movies and shows, and discover your next viewing obsession. Clip 4:20 How 'Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes' Cast Made the Apes Feel Real Clip 1:01 5 Movies That Blend Live-Action and Animation Clip 3:58 Fan Questions with "Doctor Who" Clip 6:32 Ryan Gosling and Emily Blunt Talk Stunts and Spicy Margs Clip 4:32 Zendaya, Mike Faist and Josh O'Connor Dissect the Motives in 'Challengers' Clip 4:35 Salute to Asian Pacific American Filmmakers Clip 3:23 Jean Smart and Hannah Einbinder Talk Mushrooms, Stand-Up, and "Hacks" Season 3 Clip 5:41 Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' Clip 3:18 Lilly Singh Talks New Movie, Early YouTube Days, and MCU Star Iman Vellani Clip 2:59 How Did Dev Patel Break His Hand Filming 'Monkey Man'? Clip 1:05 5 Video Game Adaptations to Watch in 2024 Clip 4:20 The Cast of 'Abigail' Test Their Vampire IQ Clip 3:42 The Rise of Zendaya Clip 5:54 Why "Fallout" Needs a Second Season Clip 3:51 "The Spiderwick Chronicles" Cast Play Who's Most Likely? Clip 1:20 Swifties in Film and TV Clip 3:55 Alex Garland's 'Civil War' Is "Old-Fashioned Journalism" Clip 4:17 Why Walton Goggins Sweat Out of His Eyes for "Fallout" Clip 4:47 Burning Questions With Nell Tiger Free Clip 2:39 Why Andrew Scott Was Relieved by Steven Zaillian's Perspective in "Ripley" Clip 1:49 All About 'Beetlejuice 2' Movie and TV Picks From IMDb Actors' Careers Over the Years Interviews With Cast and Filmmakers You Ask, the Stars Answer We Quiz Stars on Their IMDb Pages Celebs Answer Our Burning Questions More to Explore All Events Awards Central Best Of Family Entertainment Guide Festival Central IMDb Originals IMDb Picks IMDb STARmeter Awards IMDb Spotlight India Spotlight San Diego Comic-Con Scary Good Star Wars Superheroes Video Games What's on TV Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/feature/bornondate/?ref_=nv_cel_brn
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Advanced search TITLES NAMES COLLABORATIONS Birthday: 05-13 See results Search filtersExpand all Name Birth date Enter full date to or just enter yyyy, or yyyy-mm below to Birthday Awards & recognition Best Actress-NominatedBest Actor-NominatedBest Actress-WinningBest Actor-WinningBest Supporting Actress-NominatedBest Supporting Actor-NominatedBest Supporting Actress-WinningBest Supporting Actor-WinningBest Director-NominatedBest Director-WinningOscar-NominatedEmmy Award-NominatedGolden Globe-NominatedOscar-WinningEmmy Award-WinningGolden Globe-Winning Page topics Only includes names with the selected topics Award NominationsBiographyBirth DatePlace of birthDeath DatePlace of deathHeight infoQuotesTrivia Search within topic BiographyPlace of birthPlace of deathQuotesTrivia Death date to or just enter yyyy, or yyyy-mm below to Gender identity MaleFemaleNon-binaryOther Credits Adult names Exclude Include 1-50 of 1,545 Sort byPopularity PopularityA-ZBirth dateDeath date 1. Harvey Keitel Actor Producer SoundtrackReservoir Dogs (1992) American actor and producer Harvey Keitel was born on May 13, 1939 in Brooklyn, New York City, to Miriam (Klein) and Harry Keitel. An Oscar and Golden Globe Award nominee, he has appeared in films such as Martin Scorsese's Mean Streets (1973) and Taxi Driver (1976), Ridley Scott's The Duellists (1977) and Thelma (1991), Peter Yates' Mother, Jugs & Speed (1976), Quentin Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs (1992) and Pulp Fiction (1994), Jane Campion's The Piano (1993), Abel Ferrara's Bad Lieutenant (1992), Robert Rodriguez's From Dusk Till Dawn (1996), James Mangold's Cop Land (1997), Paolo Sorrentino's Youth (2015). He is regarded as one of the greatest method actors ever. Along with actors Al Pacino and Ellen Burstyn, he is the current co-president of the Actors Studio. Keitel studied under both Stella Adler and Lee Strasberg and at the HB Studio, eventually landing roles in some Off-Broadway productions. During this time, Keitel auditioned for filmmaker Martin Scorsese and gained a starring role as "J.R.", in Scorsese's first feature film, Who's That Knocking at My Door (1967). Since then, Scorsese and Keitel have worked together on several projects. Keitel had the starring role in Scorsese's Mean Streets (1973), which also proved to be Robert De Niro's breakthrough film. Keitel re-teamed with Scorsese for Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore (1974), in which he had a villainous supporting role, and appeared with Robert De Niro again in Scorsese's Taxi Driver (1976), playing the role of Jodie Foster's pimp. 2. Hannah New Actress ProducerMaleficent (2014) Born in London, England, Hannah insisted at age 4 to attend ballet school, setting her on a performing path in life. She later turned her focus to acting and joined The National Youth Theatre of Great Britain. Her interest in other cultures led her to travel around the world, including Bolivia where she did volunteer work in children's homes. Upon her return to England, she attended Leeds University, majoring in English and Spanish and performing in numerous stage productions in both languages. Hannah earned her a First Class honors degree and promptly moved to Spain to further master the language through immersion and even studied Sanford Meisner, with Frank Feys, in Spanish. Hannah was quickly scouted by View Management, a top Spanish modeling agency, and decided to pursue print and commercial work to support her studies in Barcelona and Madrid and save for drama school back home. She was accepted and attended London University's Central School of Speech and Drama. While pursuing her degree, Hannah was offered several Spanish projects, including the lead in the 11-part mini-series adaptation of María Dueñas' best-selling novel "El Tiempo Entre Costuras". Although against standard school policy, Central allowed Hannah to continue her studies while shooting this and several other projects in Spain and in December 2011, she graduated with a Masters in Acting with Distinction. Since graduation, Hannah landed her first American role as one of the leads in "Shelter," a pilot for Warner Bros. and the CW that was produced by J.J. Abrams. She was then cast in Walt Disney Pictures' Maleficent (2014), starring Angelina Jolie. Hannah plays "Leila", the beautiful mother of young Princess Aurora, and the film will be released in March, 2014. She will next star, among an international cast, in the pirate drama, Black Sails (2014). The 8-episode series for Starz is executive-produced by Michael Bay, Jonathan E. Steinberg and Robert Levine. Hannah plays "Eleanor Guthrie", a beautiful and courageous owner of a rowdy Bahamas saloon, who must run her father's black market business as supplier to dangerous pirates. Hannah continues to reside in London, England. 3. Robert Pattinson Actor Producer WriterTwilight (2008) Robert Douglas Thomas Pattinson was born May 13, 1986 in London, England, to Richard Pattinson, a car dealer importing vintage cars, and Clare Pattinson (née Charlton), who worked as a booker at a model agency. He grew up in Barnes, southwest London with two older sisters. Robert discovered his love for music long before acting and started learning the guitar and piano at the age of four. He became a big cinephile for love of auteur cinema in his early teens and preferred to watch films rather than doing his homework. In his late teens and early twenties, he used to perform solo acoustic guitar gigs at open mic nights in bars and pubs around London where he sung his own written songs. Thinking about becoming a musician or going to university to study speech-writing, he never thought about pursuing an acting career and his drama teacher in school even advised him not to join the drama club because she thought he wasn't made for the creative subjects. But as a teenager, he joined the local amateur theatre club after his father convinced him to attend because he was quite shy. At age 15 and after two years of working backstage, he auditioned for the play 'Guys and Dolls' and he got his first role as a Cuban dancer with no lines. He got the lead part in the next play 'Our Town', was spotted by a talent agent who was sitting in the audience and he began looking for professional roles. His first screen role was a small part in Vanity Fair (2004), but he'd been cut out of the final film and didn't know about it until he attended the premiere. The casting director felt so guilty for not telling him, that she got him the audition for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (2005). He was lucky and succeeded in gaining the role of Cedric Diggory, which brought him to a wider audience at the age of 19 and he continued to star in mostly smaller British TV productions. Hollywood expressed only mild interest in him and he was still debating whether or not he wished to pursue acting. Throughout that period, Pattinson would occasionally send audition tapes for roles in America. One, for a rom-com, led to the opportunity for an in-person audition in Los Angeles. That audition did not pan out, but while in town he went in for another, with Thirteen (2003) director Catherine Hardwicke, for a part in what he understood to be an indie movie based on a low-profile book about a vampire. Being the last one out of 3000 male actors to audition for the part, the role of Edward Cullen in the film adaptations of the Twilight novels written by Stephenie Meyer brought him to unexpected worldwide stardom at age 22 and the five films between 2008 and 2012 grossed over $3.3 billion in worldwide receipts. Between the Twilight Saga films, he also starred in Remember Me (2010), Water for Elephants (2011) and Bel Ami (2012). Pattinson's Twilight-era was surreal. He had been catapulted onto Hollywood's A-list as a heartthrob, but also experienced certain preconceptions about what he wanted - or was capable of doing - as an actor. That changed with an unexpected straight offer from auteur director David Cronenberg to star in Cosmopolis (2012), which he described as an eye-opening experience: It reminded him of his love for cinema, why he wanted to become an actor in the first place and solidified his foremost desire for the coming years to work with great filmmakers. With Pattinson being a big cinephile, he since then starred in mostly independent films from respected auteur directors, such as The Rover (2014), Maps to the Stars (2014), Life (2015), Queen of the Desert (2015) and The Childhood of a Leader (2015). His unrecognizable role as an explorer in the amazon jungle in The Lost City of Z (2016) from director James Gray brought him much critical acclaim. His transformation to a sleazy, manic conman in the gritty crime thriller Good Time (2017) earned a six-minute standing ovation at the Cannes Film Festival and brought him a nomination for Best Actor at the Independent Spirit Awards. It was a major step for his transition into a character actor with incredible range, with critics calling his performance a revelation and career-defining. He starred in the western-comedy Damsel (2018) as a cowboy with sociopathic characteristics and played a convict sent to space for sexual experimentation in the psychological mystery drama High Life (2018) from acclaimed French auteur director Claire Denis. He returned to work with director David Michôd in The King (2019) and starred in the black-and-white fantasy-horror movie The Lighthouse (2019) from director Robert Eggers, which earned him his second Independent Spirit Award nomination for Best Actor. In Netflix's The Devil All the Time (2020), Pattinson played a corrupt preacher preying on young girls. He returned to mainstream films with a leading role in Christopher Nolan's time bending spy film Tenet (2020) and will star as the DC Comics superhero Batman in Matt Reeves' film The Batman (2022). 4. Samantha Morton Actress Writer DirectorMinority Report (2002) Samantha Morton has established herself as one of the finest actors of her generation, winning Oscar nominations for her turns in Woody Allen's Sweet and Lowdown (1999) and Jim Sheridan's In America (2002). She has the talent to become one of the major performers in the cinema of this young century. Samantha Morton was born on May 13, 1977 in Nottingham, England to parents who divorced when she was three years old. Peter and Pamela Morton took other spouses and made Samantha part of a mixed family of 13; she has eight brothers and sisters. She turned to play-acting early in her life, while she was a school-girl. At 13, she left regular school to train as an actress at the Central Junior Television Workshop, where she learned her craft for three years. It was at the end of her training then that she decided that a life as a professional actress was for her. She honed her skills in television roles, working her way up from series television to TV-movies and prestigious mini-series, such as Emma (1996) and Jane Eyre (1997). Her first major film role, Under the Skin (1997), won her the Best Actress Award from the Boston Film Critics Society. Woody Allen cast her as Hattie, the "dumb" (unspeaking) lover of Sean Penn's caddish jazz guitarist in Sweet and Lowdown (1999), a beautiful performance in a role that could have flummoxed a less-talented performer. Penn was Oscar-nominated for his performance, but it was Morton's Hattie that was central to the success of the film, Allen's last unqualified success. She provided the moral and narrative center of the film. It was quite a remarkable performance for a 21-year old as she had to do all her acting with her face, having been shorn of her voice. The role of Hattie won Morton a Best Supporting Actress Academy Award nomination. Ironically, Morton had never seen a Woody Allen movie before. (She grew up watching the TV and listening to the radio.) She agreed to do the film after reading the script (as she says, well-written roles for women are hard to find), and the movie made her a hot commodity in Hollywood after she won the Oscar nomination. (She lost out to Angelina Jolie). Morton was offered many roles, but was very choosy as she was not in acting as a game with a payoff of stardom and money. She had consolidated her reputation by following up the Allen film with work in indie features that showed that she was not only talented, but quite courageous as a performer. She played a heroin addict in the underrated Jesus' Son (1999) and gave a brilliant performance in Morvern Callar (2002), the story of a Scottish supermarket clerk coping with her boyfriend's suicide. Steven Spielberg cast her, opposite superstar Tom Cruise, as the clairvoyant in Minority Report (2002), in which she more than held her own opposite Cruise and the special effects. (She took the role as Cruise and Steven Spielberg are favorites of hers). As good as she was, Morton was better served by Irish director Jim Sheridan, Sheridan cast her as a character modeled after his wife in an autobiographical picture more in line with persona and that made better use of her talents. Her performance as the young Irish mother coping with life in New York City in In America (2002) won her numerous critics' awards and another Oscar nod, this time as Best Actress. At this point, one feels that the odds of her winning the Oscar are even or better. Samantha Morton continues to deliver fine work in provocative films such as Michael Winterbottom's Code 46 (2003), though she is branching out towards the mainstream, taking a role in the remake of that perennial family favorite, Lassie (2005). 5. Debby Ryan Actress Music Department ProducerInsatiable (2018–2019) Debby Ryan was born in Huntsville, Alabama on May 13, 1993, but she and her family moved to Texas when she was a small child and lived there for five years before moving to Wiesbaden, Germany. In Germany Debby became fascinated with acting in local plays and musicals. By age 9, she knew she wanted to be an actress. After three years in Germany, the family moved to Keller, Texas, where they lived until they moved to Los Angeles so Debby could pursue a career in the entertainment industry. Debby got her start in film with roles in Barney: Let's Go to the Firehouse (2007) and the MGM feature film The Longshots (2008) alongside Keke Palmer and Ice Cube. She also appeared in a handful of national television commercials. From there, her career took off when she secured one of the series-regular roles on Disney Channel's The Suite Life on Deck (2008), which debuted in 2008. In 2010, she starred in the smash hit Disney Channel film 16 Wishes (2010), one of the first of many Disney co-productions. She took an active role employing online and guerrilla-marketing techniques to the film that had a tiny marketing budget. The movie premiered to 5.6 million viewers and made it as second on the list of cable's top 25 most popular shows of that week, twice. Since then, 16 Wishes (2010) has been successful in over 30 countries worldwide and continues to draw in strong viewership numbers. In addition to her work with The Disney Channel, Debby appeared on ABC's Private Practice (2007), showcasing some of her dramatic acting chops playing Hailey, a recovering cocaine addict. She also appeared as a murder suspect on A&E's hit series The Glades (2010), in 2012. Debby has appeared in over 8 live-action Disney Channel series and countless interstitials. Her current hit series Jessie (2011) was the first live-action series in Disney history to be picked up with only her cast, the Show Runner, and the script. Debby starred in the Disney Channel original movie, Radio Rebel (2012), which premiered on February 17, 2012 to over 6 million viewers. It was based on Danielle Joseph's novel "Shrinking Violet", and Debby appeared as Tara Adams, a shy high-school senior who leads an alternate life as an anonymous DJ [called Radio Rebel]. In addition to starring in the movie, Debby produced the music video and contributed to three tracks on the soundtrack, including "We Got The Beat", "A Wish Comes True Every Day", and "We Ended Right". Aside from Radio Rebel (2012) and Jessie (2011), Debby is also widely recognized for her role as popular season regular Bailey Pickett on the Disney Channel series The Suite Life on Deck (2008), a role she held from 2008-2011. She flexed her voiceover skills in Secret of the Wings (2012) and Ultimate Spider-Man (2012). When she isn't working, Debby is passionate about volunteering and is a Disney Friends for Change Ambassador. Her recent work with Friends for Change took her to India, where in partnership with Free the Children, Debby helped to build a new school for a local village. The documentary on her work was nominated for a daytime Emmy in 2013. Debby is also heavily involved in music and loves to collaborate with her brother, Chase Ryan, and her friends. Her self-written single debuted in 2010 on Disney Channel as a music video about her character in 16 Wishes (2010). It was featured on the 16 Wishes (2010) soundtrack. In July 2011, she released the single, "We Ended Right", which debuted on iTunes and was also picked up to be featured on the "Radio Rebel" soundtrack. Debby wrote her first EP entitled "One". This indie rock, self funded/produced record premiered in the Top 5 on the rock charts and was featured on Billboard. Debby directed plays and skits while she was younger and after years of shadowing successful directors, she was allowed to take the reins as a director for her live action hit series Jessie (2011). She will direct 3 more episodes before the season ends in February. On the business side, Debby is an active producer on Jessie (2011). She was there from the inception of the story, attends production meetings, and makes meaningful and significant contributions to Jessie (2011). She launched a production company called Shadowborn Productions, where she produced the official music video for "Radio Rebel" and another one for Atlantic's "Fueled by Ramen". In 2016, Debby played the part of "Holli" on the YouTube Red series, Sing It! (2016). She is costarring in the upcoming films Rip Tide (2017), playing the role of Cora; and the comedy Life of the Party (2018), alongside Gillian Jacobs, Melissa McCarthy, and Maya Rudolph. Debby was also cast in the lead role of Patty in a pilot ordered by the CW, Insatiable (2018). 6. Mika Abdalla ActressSnack Shack (2024) Born and raised in Texas, Mikayla Sofia Abdalla is a first-generation American actress of Bulgarian, Lebanese, Greek, Italian, and German descent. She is best known for playing the lead spy, McKeyla McAlister, in the Emmy-nominated Netflix original series, Project MC2 (2015). After graduating high school early and with honors, Mika was accepted into The University of California, Los Angeles. Mika currently resides in LA where she attends UCLA while continuing to pursue her acting career. 7. Jeremy Bobb ActorThe Continental (2023– ) Jeremy Bobb was born on 13 May 1981 in Dublin, Ohio, USA. He is an actor, known for The Continental (2023), Russian Doll (2019) and Godless (2017). 8. Taylor John Smith Actor ProducerWhere the Crawdads Sing (2022) Taylor John Smith is an American actor. He is known for his role as John Keene in the series Sharp Objects. Notable films in which he has appeared are Wolves (2016), You Get Me (2017), Hunter Killer (2018), The Outpost (2020) and Shadow in the Cloud (2020). 9. Bea Arthur Actress Music Department SoundtrackThe Golden Girls (1985–1992) Actress-comedienne Bea Arthur was born Bernice Frankel on May 13, 1922 in New York City to a Jewish family. She grew up in Maryland, where her parents ran a dress shop. At 12 years old, she was the tallest girl in her school at 5'9". She earned the title of "Wittiest Girl" in her school, and her dream was to be in show business, but she didn't think her family would support her. She then worked as a laboratory technician, and in the Marine Corps; she drove a truck, and worked as a typist. Her brief first marriage ended in divorce. Afterwards, she told her parents that she wanted to pursue a career in show business, and they supported her decision to join the New York's Dramatic Workshop for the New School for Social Research. Arthur (her acting name based on a variation of her first husband's surname) played classical and dramatic roles, but it would be years before she found her niche in comedy. Her breakthrough came on stage while appearing in the musical play "The Threepenny Opera," with Lotte Lenya. For one season in the 1950's, she was a regular on Sid Caesar's television show,Caesar's Hour (1954). In 1964, she became truly famous as Yente the Matchmaker, in the original Broadway production of "Fiddler on the Roof". Despite this being a small supporting role, Arthur stole the show night after night. In 1966, she went to work on a new Broadway musical, "Mame", directed by her second husband, Gene Saks, winning a Tony Award for the featured role of Vera Charles. The show's star, Angela Lansbury, also won a Tony Award, and she and Bea became lifelong friends. In 1971, Arthur appeared on the hit sitcom All in the Family (1971) as Maude Findlay, Edith Bunker's cousin, who was forever driving Archie Bunker crazy with her liberal politics. The guest appearance led to Arthur's own series, Maude (1972). The show was a hit, running for six years, during which many controversial topics of the time, including abortion, were tackled, and Bea won her first Emmy Award. While doing Maude (1972), Arthur repeated the role of Vera Charles in the film version of Mame (1974), again directed by Gene Saks, but it was a dismal flop. She also appeared on The Star Wars Holiday Special (1978). While appearing in Maude (1972), she raised her two sons, whom she had adopted with husband Gene Saks. After the show ended, so did her marriage to Saks. She never remarried. She became a lifelong animal rights' activist. In 1983, she started working on a new sitcom, Amanda's (1983), patterned after Britain's Fawlty Towers (1975) but it was short-lived. In 1985, The Golden Girls (1985) made its debut. Co-starring Betty White, Rue McClanahan and Estelle Getty, the show was about the lives of three middle-aged women, and one elderly mother, (played by Getty, who was actually younger than White and Arthur), living in Miami. It was an immediate hit, running for seven seasons. All of the cast members, including Arthur, won Emmy Awards during the show's run. She left when she thought each show was at its peak. The producers realized the shows wouldn't be the same without her. In 1992, The Golden Girls (1985) was canceled. Arthur kept a low profile, appearing in only two movies: For Better or Worse (1995) and Enemies of Laughter (2000). In 1999, Arthur made an appearance at The N.Y. Friars Club Roast of Jerry Stiller (1999). She did a one-woman stage show in 2001, for which she received a Tony Award nomination. In 2003, she reunited with Betty White and Rue McClanahan for The Golden Girls (1985) reunion special on the Lifetime Channel. Noticeably absent was supporting actress Estelle Getty, who was ill. The three lead actresses made appearances together for the rest of the decade to promote DVD releases of The Golden Girls (1985). They appeared together for the last time in 1998, at the TV Land Awards, receiving a standing ovation as they accepted the Pop Culture Award. She attended her induction into the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Hall of Fame, with Angela Lansbury. On April 25, 2009, at home with her family, Arthur died of cancer. She was 86. She was survived by her two sons, Matthew and Daniel, and her grandchildren, Kyra and Violet. In her will, she left $300,000 to New York's Ali Forney Center, an organization supporting homeless LGBT youths. 10. Iwan Rheon Actor Producer SoundtrackGame of Thrones (2013–2016) Iwan Rheon (born 13 May 1985) is a Welsh actor, singer and musician, best known for portraying Ramsay Bolton in the HBO series Game of Thrones (2011), Simon Bellamy in the E4 series Misfits (2009) and Ash Weston in the ITV sitcom Vicious (2013). Rheon was born in Carmarthen, Carmarthenshire. When he was five years old, his family moved to Cardiff. He attended Ysgol Gyfun Gymraeg Glantaf where he began acting in school drama productions at age 17. He was later spotted at a National Eisteddfod of Wales, before studying at the London Academy of Music and Dramatic Art. At age 17, Rheon joined Welsh language soap Pobol Y Cwm, in which he originated the role of Macsen White, but later left to train at LAMDA. His first notable stage part came in Eight Miles High, which was staged in 2008 at the Royal Court Theatre in Liverpool. Also in 2008, he was cast as the haunted Moritz Stiefel in the London production of the Tony Award-winning rock-musical, Spring Awakening. He played this role from January 2009 at the Lyric Hammersmith and continued when the show was transferred to the Novello Theatre, until it closed in May 2009, five months earlier than planned. He earned a What's on Stage Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor in a Musical, which was eventually won by Oliver Thornton (Priscilla Queen of the Desert). For his performance he won the award for Best Supporting Actor in a Musical at the 2010 Olivier Awards. Immediately after Spring Awakening, Rheon was cast in the E4 channel's Misfits, a BAFTA winning program that was described by 247 Magazine as "a mix of Skins and Heroes". He plays nervous, shy Simon Bellamy, who gains the superpower of invisibility and precognition in season 3. On 20 December 2011, Rheon announced via Twitter that he had left the show, along with fellow cast member Antonia Thomas. In 2011 he also appeared in the final episode of Secret Diary of a Call Girl. In 2011, he was nominated for a Golden Nymph in the "Outstanding Actor - Drama Series" category for his role in Misfits as Simon Bellamy. Rheon also made two guest appearances as the character Ben Theodore in Simon Amstell's comedy Grandma's House. In early 2012, Rheon filmed the crime heist drama The Rise. In spring 2012, he began shooting Libertador in Venezuela and Spain. He plays Daniel O'Leary. In May 2012, it was announced that he had signed on to the gritty drama Driven. In 2013, Rheon was cast as the villainous psychopath Ramsay Bolton in the HBO series Game of Thrones. In the DVD commentary for the series' third season, producers David Benioff and D.B. Weiss mentioned that Rheon previously auditioned for the role of Jon Snow in the first season, but lost to Kit Harington, with whom Rheon maintains a close friendship. Due to the vile nature of Bolton's character Rheon said that Bolton deserved his gruesome death in the series, in which he was eaten alive by dogs. He also portrays Ash Weston in the ITV sitcom Vicious. In 2013, Rheon played a lead role in the philosophical radio play, Darkside, based on the themes of Pink Floyd's The Dark Side of the Moon album. In September 2014, Rheon joined the cast of BBC One's Our Girl as Dylan "Smurf" Smith. Songwriting and singing since the age of 16, Rheon was lead singer in The Convictions until leaving the band to pursue his acting career. In 2010, he recorded his first solo work, Tongue Tied EP, at RAK Studios in London, produced by Jonathan Quarmby and Kevin Bacon. The EP, a four track release with acoustic guitar and voice, was released digitally in June 2010. He returned to RAK Studios, in April 2011, to record his second EP Changing Times, again produced by Quarmby and Bacon, with the addition of three backing musicians. Changing Times was released on 10 October 2011. On 7 April 2013, Rheon released his third EP Bang! Bang! and on 9 April 2013, released the music video for the title track. Rheon recorded his first album Dinard at RAK Studios in London and Ty Cerdd Studios in Wales. The album was released in April 2015. Rheon is fluent in Welsh and English, with the former being his first language. His older brother, Aled is a musician; the two performed together on the 2015 single "Rhodd". 11. Lena Dunham Producer Writer ActressTiny Furniture (2010) New Yorker Lena Dunham is the daughter of a painter, Carroll Dunham and Laurie Simmons, a designer and photographer. Dunham was educated at Oberlin College, Ohio, graduating with a creative writing degree. It was while at Oberlin that she began writing shorts and feature films. In 2009, Dunham created the web series Delusional Downtown Divas (2009), which gained a cult following. Also in 2009, Dunham released Creative Nonfiction (2009), her first feature film. She went on to write, direct and star in Tiny Furniture (2010), which scored two Independent Spirit Award nominations. In 2012, Dunham came to the attention of a wider audience with the HBO series Girls (2012) created by and starring Dunham and executive produced by Judd Apatow. 12. Mido Hamada ActorAmerican Sniper (2014) Born in Egypt and raised in Germany, Hamada stumbled into acting following a sports injury which led him to study at the Oxford School of Drama in England where his love for the arts and theatre grew. He was cast in plays such as, Spinning Into Butter, Hamlet and Guantanamo at The West End and The Royal Court Theater in England. As Hamada continued his work in theatre, he started to dabble his way into film and television and appeared in the film Sky Captain and The World of Tomorrow alongside Angelina Jolie. He then landed his first TV break in the mini-series "Path to 9/11" alongside Harvey Keitel and Donnie Wahlberg and soon became a series regular on "State of Mind" which paved the way for roles in critically-acclaimed shows, such as "Homeland" and "24" and the mini-series "The Dovekeepers". Hamada portrays Eammon on NBC's "Emerald City" and will appear next on the Starz upcoming series "Counterpart," an espionage thriller with a metaphysical twist. He is an avid Dahn-yogi and is also involved with "The Wolf Connection." a youth empowerment program and wolf dog sanctuary. 13. Brian Geraghty Actor Producer SoundtrackThe Hurt Locker (2008) Originally from New Jersey, Brian Geraghty graduated from The Neighborhood Playhouse School of Theatre and then began his professional career in New York City before moving to Los Angeles. He has previously enjoyed being a surf instructor and continues to surf in his free time. He is perhaps best known for his role "Ronald " on big sky 14. Candice King Actress Producer SoundtrackJuno (2007) Candice Rene King (née Accola) (born May 13, 1987) is an American actress, singer and songwriter, known for portraying the role of Caroline Forbes on The CW's The Vampire Diaries. Candice King was born in Houston, Texas, the daughter of Carolyn (Clark), who was an environmental engineer before becoming a homemaker, and Kevin Accola, a cardio-thoracic surgeon. She has English, Romansh-Swiss, French, and Norwegian ancestry. She grew up in Edgewood, Florida and attended Lake Highland Preparatory School. Both her parents are active members of the local Republican political party. She has one younger brother, Kree Thomas Accola. In December 2006, King released her debut album, It's Always the Innocent Ones, independently in the United States. She co-wrote thirteen of the fourteen tracks on the record. The remaining track was a cover of 'Til Tuesday's hit "Voices Carry (song)." In 2008 the album was re-released in Japan and achieved greater success. King toured as a backing singer for Miley Cyrus's Best of Both Worlds Tour. She appeared as herself in the 2008 3D concert film Hannah Montana & Miley Cyrus: Best of Both Worlds Concert. In February 2011, King performed a cover of "Eternal Flame" by The Bangles on The Vampire Diaries. King had guest appearances in a number of television series such as How I Met Your Mother, Supernatural and Drop Dead Diva. In July 2009 she starred in the independent horror film Deadgirl which centers on two high school boys who discover an immortal woman in an abandoned asylum. That same year again King had a bit-role in The Hannah Montana Movie. In 2009 she was cast in The CW television series The Vampire Diaries as Caroline Forbes, a teenage vampire. The series was an immediate success with the series premiere reaching 4.91 million viewers. Critical reception for the show was mixed, but as the show commenced, critics were positive. For King's performance, reception from critics and fans alike was very positive and has remained that way, receiving many awards for her performance. In June 2012 she joined the YouTube series Dating Rules From My Future Self as Chloe Cunningham a 26-year-old girl who believes love does not exist. The series centers on a girl receiving romance advice from herself ten years in the future via text message. The first season of the series went on to receive over 14 million views. Candice began dating musician Joe King of The Fray after they met at a Super Bowl event in February 2011. They became engaged in May 2013, and married on October 18, 2014 in New Orleans, Louisiana. Upon her marriage, she became a stepmother to Joe King's two daughters from his first marriage. In August 2015, it was announced that Candice and Joe were expecting their first child together. On January 15, 2016, King gave birth to a daughter which they named Florence May. Along with her The Vampire Diaries co-stars Michael Trevino and Ian Somerhalder, King is a supporter of the It Gets Better Project, which aims to prevent suicide among LGBT youth. Though her parents are Republicans, Candice herself has shown support for President Barack Obama, and supports gay rights. 15. Zoë Wanamaker ActressMy Week with Marilyn (2011) Zoë Wanamaker is an American expatriate actress, who has spend most of her career in the United Kingdom. She has worked extensively in the theatre. She has been nominated for 9 Laurence Olivier Awards, wining twice. She has also been nominated for 4 Tony Awards, without ever winning. In television, she is known for the main role of Susan Harper in the long-running sitcom "My Family" (2000-2011). In 1949, Wanamaker was born in New York City. Her father the American film director Sam Wanamaker (1919 -1993). Sam was born in Chicago to Ukrainian-Jewish immigrants. Wanamaker's mother was the Canadian actress Charlotte Hollan, who was also of Jewish descent. Wanamaker's paternal grandfather was the tailor Maurice Wanamaker, whose original family name was "Watmacher". Sam Wanamaker was a veteran of World War II, and an adherent of communism. In the early 1950s, the United States was experiencing the Second Red Scare. Communists, real or suspected ones, were seen as potential foreign agents and were targeted by political purges. In 1952, Sam was blacklisted in the United States. He decided to settle in the United Kingdom with his family. Zoë consequently settled in the United Kingdom at the age of 3. Wanamaker received her early education at the King Alfred School, a co-educational independent school located in London. She later attended the Sidcot School, a co-educational boarding school located in the village of Winscombe, Somerset. Sidcot was a Quaker school, but was open to students from various faiths and cultures. Sidcot had served as a co-educational school since 1808. one of the earliest British schools of its kind. Following her graduation, Wanamaker pursued a pre-diploma course at the Hornsey College of Art. Having decided to follow an acting career, Wanamaker was trained at the Central School of Speech and Drama. The school had been operating since 1906, when founded by the teacher Elsie Fogerty (1865 -1945). The school was initially based around Fogerty's theories about teaching proper elocution. In the early 1970s, Wanamaker was primarily a theatrical actress. In 1976, she joined the Royal Shakespeare Company. It is a prestigious theatrical company, headquartered in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire. It specializes in performing the plays of William Shakespeare, though it has performed plays by many other playwrights. Wanamaker served as a member until 1984. In 1979, Wanamaker won her first Olivier Award for her role in a revival of the play "Once in a Lifetime" (1930) by Moss Hart (1904 -1961) and George Simon Kaufman (1889-1961). The play is a satire of American show business. It depicts veteran vaudeville performers trying to re-establish their careers in the Hollywood film industry. In the 1980s, Wanamaker frequently appeared in television films and other television production. She played an intelligence agent in the mini-series "Edge of Darkness" (1985), which combined elements from the genres of crime drama, political thriller, and science fiction. She was part of the cast of the historical drama series "Paradise Postponed" (1986), which depicts the changes experienced by British from the 1940s to the 1970s. She was part of the cast in the biographical film "Poor Little Rich Girl: The Barbara Hutton Story" (1987), based on the life and long-term problems of American heiress Barbara Hutton (1912 -1979). She had a one-shot role in the anthology series "Tales of the Unexpected" (1979-1988), which typically adapted short stories into its episodes. In 1991, Wanamaker played manicurist Moyra Henson in the first season of the police procedural "Prime Suspect" (1991-2006). Henson's common-law husband is suspected serial killer George Marlow, and police authorities eventually realize that all the recent victims were Henson's clients. Wanamaker's role was critically well-received. She was nominated for the "British Academy Television Award for Best Actress" for this role, but the award was instead won by her co-star Helen Mirren (1945-). In 1993, Wanamaker had a co-starring role in the drama film "The Countess Alice". In the film, she played Konstanza (nicknamed "Connie"), the German daughter of British aristocrat Countess Alice von Holzendorf (played by Wendy Hiller). Connie investigates her own past and realizes that the real Konstanza died in childhood. She is a child of obscure origins, who was secretly adopted by Alice as a replacement. The film was well-received at the time, though it is mostly remembered for Hiller's last role in a film. In 1997, Wanamaker had a supporting role in the biographical film "Wide", based on the life of the writer Oscar Wilde (1854 -1900). She played the role of the novelist Ada Leverson (1862 -1933), a close friend of Wilde who offered him hospitality when he became an outcast. The film was well-received by critics. Wanamaker was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, but the award was instead won by rival actress Sigourney Weaver (1949-). In 2000, Wanamaker gained a major television role, when cast as Susan Harper in the sitcom "My Family" (2001-2011). Harper was depicted as a tour guide who is married and has three children. Her so-called "control freak" nature often has her clash with her family. Her problems include being married to a husband who clearly does not care about her, and having immature kids. In 2000, Wanamaker finally gained British citizenship, after residing in the country for 48 years. She also maintained her American citizenship. In January 2001, Wanamaker was appointed a "Commander of the Order of the British Empire" for her services to drama. This is a British order of chivalry, rewarding contributions to the arts and sciences. In 2001, Wanamaker had a supporting role in the fantasy film "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", an adaptation of a novel by J. K. Rowling (1965-). Wanamaker played the role of Rolanda Hooch, a Quidditch referee and flying instructor for first-year students at the magic school Hogwarts. The film was a box office hit. Wanamaker did not appear in the film's sequels. In 2005, Wanamaker had a role in the science fiction series "Doctor Who" (2005-) as the villain Lady Cassandra, who is obsessed with prolonging her own life. Wanamaker returned to this role in 2006. Also in 2005, Wanamaker joined the cast of the mysteries series "Agatha Christie's Poirot" (1989-2013) as crime novelist Ariadne Oliver. Oliver was a recurring character created by writer Agatha Christie (1890-1976), and was intended as a self-portrait of Christie. Wanamaker played this role in 6 feature-length episodes, broadcast from 2005 to 2013. Oliver was depicted as a close friend and ally of detective Hercule Poirot (played by David Suchet). In 2008, Wanamaker voiced the blind seeress Theresa in the role-playing video game "Fable II". Her character guides the game's protagonist through its story. The video game was quite successful. Wanamaker returned to this role in two of the game's sequels: "Fable III" (2010), and Fable: The Journey (2012). This has been Wanamaker's most prominent performance in voice acting. In 2011, Wanamaker had a supporting role in the drama film "My Week with Marilyn", which depicted Marilyn Monroe brief stay in the United Kingdom during the shooting of the classic film "The Prince and the Showgirl" (1957). Wanamaker played the role of Paula Strasberg (1909-1966), Monroe's acting coach. The film performed well at the box office, and was critically acclaimed. In 2015, Wanamaker joined the cast of the period drama series "Mr Selfridge" (2013-2016). The series was based on the life of retail magnate Harry Gordon Selfridge (1858-1947). Wanamaker played the role of Princess Marie Wiasemsky de Bolotoff, a Russian aristocrat who serves at the mother-in-law of Rosalie Selfridge. In 2018, Wanamaker gained the major role of Queen Antedia in the historical fantasy series "Britannia" (2018-).Antedia was depicted as the Queen regnant of the Regni tribe, a Celtic tribe struggling against the rival Cantii tribe. As of 2021, Wanamaker is 72-years-old. She has never retired from acting, and continues to appear regularly in television. She is quite familiar to the British public, through decades of notable roles. 16. Siobhan Fallon Hogan Actress Writer ProducerRushed (2021) Siobhan Fallon Hogan has been seen in several blockbusters over the past twenty five years. Her many film and television credits include "Men In Black," "Forrest Gump," "SNL," "Seinfeld, "Holes", "Eileen," "New In Town," and "Wayward Pines." She has done several foreign films including three with Denmark's Lars von Trier in "Dancer Dark," "Dogville" and "The House that Jack Built" and Michael Haneke's "Funny Games." Fallon Hogan has been recently seen in William Oldroyd's Sundance hit "Eileen starring Anne Hathaway. "Vanity Fair" review said, "The great Siobhan Fallon Hogan who practically walks off with the movie after a mere few line readings." Other recent films include work Johnny Depp in "The Professor", FX's "What We Do in The Shadows" and in Paramount Pictures "Clifford the Big Red Dog". Fallon Hogan wrote, produced and plays the lead role in her film, "RUSHED" released in 2021 by Vertical Entertainment in theaters and now streaming on Amazon in the USA and in 20 countries. Emerald Caz Productions and Lars von Trier's Zentropa Entertainment co produced "RUSHED" with a critic score of 90% critics rating on Rotten Tomatoes and 89% audience. Fallon Hogan's has penned and produced a second film "Shelter in Solitude" directed by Vibeke Muasya starring Robert Patrick, Peter Macon, Peter Hogan, Jr. and Fallon Hogan. It premiered at Kevin Smith's SModCastle Film Festival and will be seen Spring 2023 at the Craicfest in NYC, Boston Film Festival and many others and is awaiting distribution. Siobhan was born in 1961 in Syracuse, New York, to Jane (Eagan) and William J. Fallon, an attorney, and is the second of five children. A graduate of LeMoyne College in Syracuse, she received her M.F.A. from Catholic University. She began her career on stage in her own character-driven, one-women shows. After appearing in her show "Bat Girl," she was cast on SNL and Seinfeld in 1992. These shows opened many doors for Fallon, and she then began to work steadily in film. Fallon Hogan has been married to Peter Hogan for over twenty thirty years. They have three children: Bernadette Hogan, Pete Hogan and Sinead Hogan. 17. Mark Heap Actor WriterStardust (2007) Mark Heap was born on 13 May 1957 in Kodaikanal, Tamil Nadu, India. He is an actor and writer, known for Stardust (2007), Green Wing (2004) and Lark Rise to Candleford (2008). 18. Tommy Dorfman Actress Director Writer13 Reasons Why (2017–2020) Tommy Dorfman is an actress, writer, photographer, and director from Atlanta, GA. She graduated with a degree in acting from Fordham University in 2015. First known for her role as Ryan Shaver on 13 Reasons Why, Tommy has since worked in television, film, and theater - recently starring in Jeremy O. Harris' hit play Daddy at The Signature. She has photographed the cover of Paper Magazine, Fucking Young!, and American studies and appeared in ad campaigns for Calvin Klein and Fendi. She lives between Los Angeles, California, and New York City with her dogs, Dabbs and Fiona. 19. Hunter Parrish Actor Soundtrack17 Again (2009) Hunter Parrish Tharp is an American actor and singer. He is known for playing the role of Silas Botwin in the Showtime series Weeds and for his performances in the Broadway productions of Godspell in the role of Jesus and Spring Awakening as Melchior. Parrish was born in Richmond. 20. Frances Barber Actress SoundtrackGoal! (2005) Frances Barber has worked in a string of award-winning productions for the National Theatre and the Royal Shakespeare Company, taking roles as diverse as Eliza in Pygmalion and Lady Macbeth in Macbeth. Among her film appearances are roles in Stephen Frears' Prick Up Your Ears (1987) and Sammy and Rosie Get Laid (1987), Dennis Potter's Secret Friends (1991) and John Irvine's Shiner (2000) with Michael Caine, Peter Greenaway's A Zed & Two Noughts (1985), Peter Capaldi's Soft Top Hard Shoulder (1992), and Still Crazy (1998). Most recently she has appeared in Mauvaise passe (1999) (The Escort) with Daniel Auteuil and Esther Kahn (2000). Frances made her television breakthrough in Mike Leigh's Home Sweet Home (1982). Subsequent TV work includes Kenneth Branagh's Twelfth Night, or What You Will (1988) as Viola, a role she reprised for Branagh on stage, BBC's Annie Besant, Inspector Morse (1987), Spitting Image (1984) and the BBC's adaptation of the Nancy Mitford classic Love in a Cold Climate (2001). On stage, Frances won the 1984 Olivier award for Most Promising Newcomer as Marguerite in the RSC production of Camille. She has worked in some of the UK's most prestigious theatres, including the Royal National Theatre, the RSC, Hull Truck, Oxford Playhouse, the Royal Exchange, the Donmar Warehouse and the Royal Court. Frances was most recently seen on stage in Patrick Marber's production of Closer at The Lyric, Hammersmith. She attended Bangor university. 21. Senta Berger Actress Producer SoundtrackUnter Verdacht (2002–2019) Senta Berger was born in 1941 in Vienna, Austria to her father Josef Berger who was a musician and her mother Therese Berger, a school teacher. Senta and her father performed together when she was just four years old. She sang and her dad played the piano. At five years old, she took ballet lessons and at 14, Berger turned to acting taking private lessons. She left her private school education at 16. In 1957, Berger was discovered by famous director Willi Forst and played a small role in a film. She was accepted to the Max Reinhardt Seminar. In 1958, Berger was the youngest member at the Vienna Theater in Josefstadt. Director Bernhard Wicki and producer Artur Brauner sought after Senta producing the film The Good Soldier, by Heinz Rühmann. It succeeded and Brauner used her in several films. In 1962, Berger moved to Hollywood and starred with Charlton Heston, Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin, Richard Harris, George Hamilton, Kirk Douglas, John Wayne and Yul Brynner. In 1969 she returned to Europe and was seen during the 1970's in Italian productions of various genres. In 1967, she returned to the silver screen with an Alain Delon film. In 1968, Berger played in the three-part thriller Babeck by Herbert Reinecker. 1970 was her debut as Producer of her own company. As director she put her husband's film before the camera. Further, international successful of films of her production company have included The White Rose, The Nasty Girl and Mother Courage. In addition, Berger expanded her European career in France and Italy. The birth of her two sons, Simon (b. 1972) and Luca (b. 1979) prompted Berger to turn back to the theater. In 1985/86, she managed her TV comeback in front of the German-speaking audience in the television series Kir Royal co-starring with Franz Xaver Kroetz , Dieter Hildebrandt and Billie Zöckler. Many TV series guest appearances followed. 22. Jake Borelli ActorGrey's Anatomy (2017–2024) Jake Borelli was born on 13 May 1991 in Ohio, USA. He is an actor, known for Grey's Anatomy (2005), The Thing About Harry (2020) and #Realityhigh (2017). 23. Buck Taylor Actor Art Department Additional CrewCowboys & Aliens (2011) National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum "Hall of Great Western Performers" Inductee, and Multi-Western Heritage Award Winner, most recently for roles in the critically acclaimed movie Hell or High Water (2016) (Outstanding Theatrical, 2017), The Road to Valhalla (2013) (Outstanding Documentary, 2015) and Truce (2005) (Outstanding Theatrical, 2007), Buck Taylor is an All-Around Western Enthusiast and Cowboy at heart. Born on May 13, 1938 in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California as Walter Clarence Taylor III, he is most notably known for his work on the beloved television western Gunsmoke (1955). He tours the United States promoting awareness for organizations that support our Men and Women in Blue, our brave Military Veterans and those deployed protecting America's Freedoms. Buck Taylor is a Artist who continues to attend annual shows and events, such as the Fort Worth Stock Show & Rodeo, to promote our Western Heritage through his watercolor paintings in between movie roles. He has been married to Goldie Ann Mauldin since 1995. 24. Tom Verica Actor Producer DirectorBridgerton (2020–2022) Tom Verica is a true multi-hyphenate with an illustrious career as a gifted actor, director and executive producer. Currently, he is the Head of Creative Production for Shondaland/Netflix. Among his roles in creative leadership, Tom serves as Executive Producer and director on three worldwide smash successes for Shondaland/Netflix including QUEEN CHARLOTTE, of which Verica directed all episodes of the critically acclaimed series, BRIDGERTON, and INVENTING ANNA, for which he was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Limited Series as an Executive Producer and a Directors Guild Award for Best Director of a Limited Series. Other work with longtime collaborator, Shonda Rhimes, include Executive Producer/Director of SCANDAL and FOR THE PEOPLE. Verica has helmed over one hundred hours of television, with both pilots and episodes to his credit, including THE UMBRELLA ACADEMY, GREY'S ANATOMY, BOSTON LEGAL, UGLY BETTY, and AMERICAN DREAMS among others. As an actor, Tom has an extensive career in film, stage and television. Notable tv performances include the role of Sam Keating, opposite Viola Davis as her husband, in HOW TO GET AWAY WITH MURDER on ABC; Jack Pryor, family patriarch, in the renowned, historical drama, AMERICAN DREAMS on NBC; and, as NASA astronaut, Dick Gordon, in the HBO, Emmy Award winning mini-series, FROM THE EARTH TO THE MOON with Tom Hanks. Additional tv highlights include WILL & GRACE, THE NAKED TRUTH, LA LAW, CENTRAL PARK WEST, THE NINE, PROVIDENCE and the iconic 'conversion' episode of SEINFELD. Feature film acting credits include ZODIAC helmed by David Fincher, FLAGS OF OUR FATHERS directed by Clint Eastwood, MURDER BY NUMBERS, RED DRAGON, and DIE HARD 2, In theatre, Tom has performed on and Off-Broadway in numerous stage plays including the Tony-nominated Broadway production of Craig Lucas' PRELUDE TO A KISS. Tom is an advocate for the development, mentorship and inclusion of new directors. Aligned with this mission, he works with numerous programs including the Directors Guild of America, SeriesFest Women Directing Mentorship and The Latinx House at Sundance Institute. Currently, he serves on the DGA Television Creative Rights Committee and has a long history as a champion of directors' educational and equity programming across the entertainment industry. He is a proud member of the DGA, PGA and SAG/AFTRA. 25. Zlatko Buric ActorTriangle of Sadness (2022) Zlatko Buric was born on 13 May 1953 in Osijek, Croatia, Yugoslavia. He is an actor, known for Triangle of Sadness (2022), Pusher (1996) and 2012 (2009). 26. Zohra Lampert ActressLet's Scare Jessica to Death (1971) Solemn-looking Middle Eastern-looking Zohra Lampert, with the prominent cheek bones and soothing voicer, had a touching, understated quality to her talent that should have gone further in the film business than it did. Somehow she never got the breaks necessary for top-flight stardom. Still and all, this comely actress with soft, vulnerable features managed to contribute a number of genuinely affecting performances, particularly on TV. Born in New York City on May 13, 1937, Zohra was the daughter of Russian-born hardware store owners. She attended Manhattan's High School of Music and Art and later graduated from the University of Chicago. A one-time member of Chicago's Second City comedy troupe, she had a stint with the Lincoln Center Repertory Theatre before turning to Broadway and making her 1958 debut in the play "Maybe Tuesday." She was quickly nominated for two consecutive Tony awards for her superb work in "Look: We've Come Through" (1961) and "Mother Courage and Her Children" (1963), then continued with poignant performances in such productions as "After the Fall" (1964), "Lovers and Other Strangers" (1968) and "The Sign in Sidney Brustein's Window" (1972). Following occasional TV guest parts on such programs as "Ford Star Jubilee" and "Decoy," Zohra made a minor film debut in Odds Against Tomorrow (1959). She received much more attention with her humble, deeply stirring performance as Ernest Borgnine's Italian wife in the minor crime story Pay or Die! (1960), then quietly stole a touching scene towards the end of the film Splendor in the Grass (1961) from both Natalie Wood and Warren Beatty as Beatty's careworn spouse. Those two performances alone should have lifted her to the heights, but they didn't. A chameleon-like actress who didn't quite fit into the Hollywood structure as a star personality, Lampert, perhaps because of her ethnic looks, was passed over in such films as Posse from Hell (1961) and Hey, Let's Twist! (1961), A Fine Madness (1966), Bye Bye Braverman (1968) and Some Kind of a Nut (1969). She did score with a neurotic title lead in the low-budgeted cult chiller Let's Scare Jessica to Death (1971). She seemed to favor the small screen for the most part in the 60's and 70's. She was performing primarily on the small screen in offbeat lead or character roles on such popular programs as "Route 66," "The Defenders," "United States Steel Hour," "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour," "Dr. Kildare," "Naked City," "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.," "I Spy," "Then Came Bronson," "Love, American Style," "The Bob Newhart Show," "Quincy" and an Emmy-winning guest performance as a gypsy in "Kojak." She also was a part of two short-lived series: The Girl with Something Extra (1973) starring Sally Field and Doctors' Hospital (1975). Lampert graced several TV movies as a second lead or support player including Lady Oscar (1979), The Suicide's Wife (1979), The Girl, the Gold Watch & Everything (1980), The Girl, the Gold Watch & Dynamite (1981) and Izzy & Moe (1985). In later years, she was reduced to featured status in films and found some earthy, quirky ladies to inhabit in such films as Alphabet City (1984), Teachers (1984), American Blue Note (1989), Stanley & Iris (1990), The Exorcist III (1990), Alan & Naomi (1992), Last Supper (1992) and The Eden Myth (1999). Better remembered for her spokeswoman for the Goya Beans commercials in the 1980's, she left the screen willfully in the late 1990's for nearly a decade, but returned for only three films - The Hungry Ghosts (2009), Zenith (2010) and the barely seen Sexual Secrets (2014). She was married twice, divorcing "Second City" comedy co-founder Bill Alton and later marrying radio host and singer Jonathan Schwartz in 2010. 27. Fred Melamed Actor Producer WriterA Serious Man (2009) Revered character actor Fred Melamed was born in New York City. His birth-parents were unmarried; an American actress and British psychoanalyst. He was adopted as an infant by Manhattanites Lou and Syma Melamed (nee Krichefsky). His adoptive father was an early television producer, having contributed such watershed programs as Car 54, Where Are You?, Sergeant Bilko and Let's Pretend. Fred received his theatrical training at Hampshire College and the Yale School of Drama. While still at Hampshire, he began working with playwrights Jean-Claude Van Itallie and John Guare. He was also influenced by members of The Living Theatre, and Tina Packer and Kristin Linklater, with whom he became a founding member of Shakespeare & Company. For his work with Packer, he was nominated for the Irene Ryan Award, a prize for the most promising young actors in the United States. At Yale, he was a Samuel F. B. Morse Graduate Fellow, and was much influenced by resident artists James Earl Jones, John Madden, Athol Fugard and George Roy Hill. Immediately after graduation, he became a company member of Minneapolis' famed Guthrie Theater, also performing at The Kennedy Center, The Yale Repertory Theater, and New York's West Bank Cafe. In 1983, he made his Broadway debut in the Tony Award-Winning Amadeus. On television, Melamed stars on the Marvel blockbuster WandaVision, the Netflix original series Medical Police, and the Apple+ hit The Morning Show. Past starring parts have included benighted manager Bruce Ben-Bacharach in Lady Dynamite, errant father Charles Cole on the Golden Globe-nominated Casual, and major roles in Emmy-winning programs Fargo, Girls, Brooklyn Nine Nine, New Girl, The Good Wife, and Adventure Time. Other memorable turns have included Larry David's name-dropping psychiatrist Arthur Thurgood from Curb Your Enthusiasm, Ben's father on Superstore, conman Harvey Oberholt on House of Lies, Sir Patrick Stewart's high-strung therapist Dr. Mendelson on Starz's Blunt Talk, sports casting legend Glen Klose on Now We're Talking, philandering professor Donald Holt on Married, blind physician Leonard Hillman on Childrens Hospital, and irascible voiceover legend Fred Melamed opposite Robin Williams on The Crazy Ones. In film, Melamed has had a long association with Woody Allen. He has appeared in 7 Allen films, (more than any other actor besides Mia Farrow and Diane Keaton), including the Oscar-winning Hannah and Her Sisters, Another Woman, Crimes and Misdemeanors, Radio Days, Husbands & Wives, Hollywood Ending, and Shadows and Fog. But it was for his portrayal of "sensitive" villain Sy Ableman, in Joel and Ethan Coen's movie A Serious Man, nominated for Best Picture at the 2010 Academy Awards, that Melamed became most widely known. For his performance, he won the Independent Spirit Robert Altman Award, New York Magazine listed his as among the Best Performances of The Decade, and Empire called Sy Ableman "One of The Best Coen Bros. Characters of All Time." Melamed appeared on the Best Supporting Actor Oscar ballot of several American critics, including A.O. Scott of The New York Times, Roger Ebert of The Chicago Sun-Times, and Michael Phillips of The Chicago Tribune. He was named by Harry Domenico Rossi as among The 25 Greatest Screen Villains of All Time. His slate of upcoming films includes Togetherish, where he plays lead Ed Helms's father opposite Nora Dunn; Shiva Baby, in which he portrays an Orthodox Jew who sells medical equipment out of the back of a van; Marzipan, a hallucinogenic look into the life of a washed-up, alcoholic spy; and Rumble, the first feature from Paramount's new animation department, with Will Arnett and Terry Crews. In 2021, Melamed is slated to star in S. Craig Zahler's Hug Chickenpenny, opposite Vince Vaughn. This will be his fourth collaboration with Zahler - previous works have included Dragged Across Concrete, Brawl in Cell Block 99 and Bone Tomahawk. In the past, he starred opposite Lake Bell as voiceover legend Sam Sotto in Bell's Sundance Award-winning debut, In a World...; in The Spy Who Dumped Me with Kate McKinnon and Mila Kunis; the Coen brothers' Hail Caesar, with George Clooney; Lying and Stealing, opposite Emily Ratajkowski and Theo James; Silver Lake, with Martin Starr; the James Brown biopic Get On Up; The Dictator, with Sacha Baron Cohen and Sir Ben Kingsley; Peter Yates' Suspect, with Cher, Dennis Quaid and Liam Neeson; The Good Mother, with Diane Keaton and Jason Robards; The Mission, with Robert De Niro and Jeremy Irons; The Pickup Artist, with Robert Downey, Jr. and Dennis Hopper; and Marshall Brickman's Lovesick, with Dudley Moore and Sir Alec Guinness. As a writer, he has produced screenplays including Girl of the Perfume River, A Jones for Gash, and is at work on The Preservationist, a television series inspired by the case of Melamed's college friend, Edward Forbes Smiley III, a renowned cartographic expert and dealer, who admitted to having been the most brazen and prolific map thief of all time. He lives with his wife, Leslee, and twin sons in Los Angeles. Both Melamed children were born with autism, and he and his wife have been involved in advocacy for persons living with autism spectrum disorder and their families. 28. Joe Johnston Director Visual Effects ProducerCaptain America: The First Avenger (2011) Joseph Eggleston Johnston II is an American film director from Texas who is known for directing the cult classic film The Rocketeer, Jumanji, Honey, I Shrunk the Kids, The Wolfman, October Sky, The Pagemaster, Jurassic Park III and Captain America: The First Avenger. He was an art director for Raiders of the Lost Ark and the Star Wars original trilogy. 29. Sunny Leone Actress Director ProducerLies: Diary of an Escort (2011) Born in Ontario, Canada, Sunny Leone grew up in idyllic surroundings, loving the cold Canadian winters and the snow that came with them. Building snowmen and ice skating were regular activities outside the Leone household every November through March. With a love for sports, singing and dancing, young Sunny was a consummate performer, basking in the attention it brought her and eating up every word of praise that came her way. Everything changed in 1996, when her family packed up and moved to Southern California. It was a difficult adjustment for the little Canadian girl, whose innocence and naiveté were less than fully appreciated by her new high school classmates. In addition, her adopted hometown lacked the change of seasons she so loved in the Old Country. Sunny persevered, however, and after graduating in 1999, enrolled in a local junior college. After a friend told her she should try modeling - a natural choice for a young beauty - she found a contact who specialized in adult entertainment and decided to give it a try. Though initially wary of taking her clothes off and striking suggestive poses for the camera, curiosity got the better of her and she dived in full force, quickly becoming one of the most sought-after adult models. In 2001 Sunny was named Penthouse Pet of the Month for the March issue, and numerous layouts in other magazines soon followed, including "Cheri", "High Society", "Swank", "Leg World", "Hustler" and "Club International". She also appeared in the Penthouse: Pets in Paradise (2001) home video, as well as Ja Rule's "Livin' It Up" music video. In 2005, Sunny Leone entered the adult film industry and worked her way to the top, becoming one of the most successful pornstars in the world. In addition to acting in adult films, Leone produced and directed over 60 films under her production company, Sun Lust Pictures. In 2011, Sunny set off to India to appear in the reality TV show Bigg Boss, it was here where her fortune changed and she was offered the lead role in an upcoming erotic thriller, Jism 2 by Indian filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt. Following on from the success of Jism 2, Sunny dedicated herself to Indian cinema making appearances not just in Bollywood films but regional cinema with special appearances in song and dance numbers . Her third feature role in Ragini MMS 2 garnered her more praise and box office success. As of 2016 she has appeared in over 20 Indian films and will be seen in some big projects in 2017, most notably Raees (2017) starring Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan. A documentary titled Mostly Sunny (2016) released at the Toronto International Film Festival and charted her meteoric rise from pornstar to Bollywood star. 30. Eloise DeJoria Actress ProducerWeekend at Bernie's (1989) Texas native Eloise DeJoria made her film debut in Songwriter, starring Willie Nelson. Other feature credits include Weekend at Bernie's, Grand Champion, Don't Mess with the Zohan, Wall Street (Money Never Sleeps), and Wild Hearts. Her latest picture, When Angels Sing, based on Turk Pipkin's classic Christmas story, stars Texas greats Willie Nelson, Lyle Lovett, Marcia Ball, Kris Kristofferson, and Harry Connick, Jr. (from next-door Louisiana). The movie was directed by Tim McCanlies, and was produced by Austinites Elizabeth Avelan, Shannon Macintosh and Fred Miller. Eloise's lifestyle has been featured on 20/20 with Barbara Walters, "E" Entertainment, and in many national and international publications. She is widely recognized as the spokes model for Paul Mitchell Hair care products in television and print ads. Her number one priority and joy is raising John Anthony, her 14 year-old son with John Paul De Joria, and being mother and grandmother to their large combined family. She enjoys the outdoors, staying fit, and eating healthy. Eloise is proud of her work at The Arbor Recovery Center in Georgetown, Texas, where she partners with her son Justin and recovery expert Jim Walker. She loves her time spent with eldest son Michael, who lives nearby with his family and works in the family business, John Paul Pet. She is also known for her contributions and charitable work with local groups including Help Clifford Help Kids, The Palmer Drug Abuse Program, The Austin Recovery Center, The Austin Children's Shelter, Helping Hands, as well as Club 100, Long Center for the Performing Arts, The Paramount Theater, and The Austin Film Society. 31. Caitlin McHugh Actress Writer SoundtrackI Am Legend (2007) Caitlin McHugh was born on 13 May 1986 in Altadena, California, USA. She is an actress and writer, known for I Am Legend (2007), Alleged (2012) and Random Tropical Paradise (2017). She has been married to John Stamos since 3 February 2018. They have one child. She was previously married to Massimo Lusardi. 32. Stephen Colbert Writer Producer ActorThe Late Show with Stephen Colbert (2015–2021) Stephen Tyrone Colbert (pronounced "cole-BEAR") was born on May 13, 1964 in Washington, D.C., and grew up in Charleston, South Carolina. He is the son of Lorna Elizabeth (Tuck) and James William Colbert, Jr., a doctor and medical school dean at Yale, Saint Louis University, and MUSC. He is the youngest of eleven children, and is of Irish Catholic background. Stephen studied acting at Northwestern and performed with the Second City comedy troupe in Chicago before teaming up with fellow cast members Amy Sedaris and Paul Dinello to create the sketch comedy Exit 57 (1995) for Comedy Central. During its two-season run in the mid-1990s, it garnered five CableACE nominations for best writing, performing, and comedy series. After the demise of Exit 57 (1995) from 1997 (until his departure in October 2005), Stephen was a correspondent on The Daily Show (1996), then hosted by Craig Kilborn. Initially billed as "The New Guy," Stephen became the show's longest-running correspondent before getting his own show, The Colbert Report (2005), which has done well in its slot following The Daily Show (1996). At the time he left The Daily Show (1996), Stephen had been its longest-running and most diverse correspondent. In addition to his role as Senior Political Correspondent, he was one of the hosts of "Even Stepheven," a point-counterpoint assault featuring co-correspondent Steve Carell, and the host of "This Week in God," a recurring segment in which he reported on all things theological with the assistance of the "God Machine." Stephen helped The Daily Show (1996) win numerous Emmy and Peabody Awards and contributed to "America (The Book): A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction" (Warner Books) which immediately topped the New York Times bestseller list and stayed there for 15 consecutive weeks. His personality, intelligence, and leftist political satire could only have led him to The Colbert Report (2005), a half-hour nightly platform for him to give his tongue-in-cheek take on the issues of the day, and more importantly, to tell you why he thinks everyone else's take is just plain wrong. His other notable credits include serving as both writer and cast member on The Dana Carvey Show (1996), writing for Saturday Night Live (1975), and providing the voice of Ace in Robert Smigel's "Ambiguously Gay Duo," which originated on The Dana Carvey Show (1996) and was a semi-regular feature in Smigel's "TV Funhouse" segment on SNL. He was also featured on "Mr. Goodwrench" commercials (2003-2005). Stephen lives in northern New Jersey with his wife and three children. 33. David Simon Writer Producer Additional CrewThe Wire (2002–2008) David Simon was born on 13 May 1960 in Washington, District of Columbia, USA. He is a writer and producer, known for The Wire (2002), Homicide: Life on the Street (1993) and The Corner (2000). He has been married to Laura Lippman since 3 October 2006. They have one child. 34. Tim Pigott-Smith Actor Additional CrewV for Vendetta (2005) A familiar patrician-looking face both here and abroad, blue-eyed, fair-haired classical stage and TV actor Tim Pigott-Smith, the son of a journalist, was born on in Rugby, Warwickshire, on May 13, 1946. The Britisher attended King Edward VI School in Stratford-upon-Avon, graduated from Bristol University in 1967, and then receiving his acting training at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School. In later years, he would return to Bristol University as a lecturer. Tim made his professional debut in 1969 with the Bristol Old Vic under the stage name of "Tim Smith" and was predominantly a stage player in both regional and repertory companies. He focused quite strongly on Shakespeare and Greek plays and went on to play Balthazar in "Much Ado About Nothing" for the Prospect touring company as well as Posthumus in a 1974 production of "Cymbeline" for the Royal Shakespeare Company. He made his Broadway debut that same year in "Sherlock Holmes" as Dr. Watson opposite John Wood. Over the years, he would act alongside most of England's grande dame royalty including Judi Dench, Helen Mirren, Geraldine James, Margaret Tyzack, Peggy Ashcroft, Maggie Smith and Penelope Wilton. A charming, distinguished presence on stage, Tim was invited by an ailing Anthony Quayle to take over the running of the Compass theatre company founded by him in 1984 and served as its artistic director from 1989-1992. A theatre director as well ("Hamlet," and "A Royal Hunt of the Sun"), he would take several Shakespearean classics later to BBC-TV. He, in fact, started his small screen career in secondary Shakespeare roles as Laertes in Hamlet (1970) opposite Ian McKellen in the title role and Proculeius in Antony and Cleopatra (1974) starring Richard Johnson and Janet Suzman. He transitioned into more prominent BBC roles with his Angelo in Measure for Measure (1979) and Hotspur in The First Part of King Henry the Fourth, with the Life and Death of Henry Surnamed Hotspur (1979). Aside from Tim's theatre work, quality TV remained an extremely successful venue for decades with impressive performances in such prestigious min-series as North & South (1975), The Glittering Prizes (1976), The Lost Boys (1978), Danger UXB (1979), Winston Churchill: The Wilderness Years (1981), Fame Is the Spur (1982), I Remember Nelson (1982), The Jewel in the Crown (1984) (BAFTA-TV as sadistic villain Ronald Merrick) and The Challenge (1986). He enjoyed recurring roles on the TV series Doctor Who (1963), Hannah (1980) and regular roles in the short-lived comedy Struggle (1983), the drama The Chief (1990) and with The Vice (1999). His mellifluous voice was also popular on many BBC radio productions, in audio books, as well as serving as a narrator on such documentary series as Crimes That Shook the World (2006) and Doomsday: World War I (2013) Film work began in the 1970's but remained far and few and less distinguished with his minor participation in Aces High (1976), Joseph Andrews (1977), Sweet William (1980), Clash of the Titans (1981), Richard's Things (1980), Victory (1981) and The Remains of the Day (1993). He did enjoy a prime role in the nuclear drama A State of Emergency (1985) starring opposite Martin Sheen and Peter Firth. Pigott-Smith remained a strong, vibrant present on the stage throughout his career. In later years, he played in such contemporary plays as "Benefactors" (1984), "Coming in to Land" (1987) opposite Ms. Smith and "Amadeus" as composer Salieri. He also portrayed Leontes in "The Winter's Tale" (1988) and scored critical acclaim in the 1999 version of "The Iceman Cometh" (both London and Broadway) and with Ms. Mirren in an over four-hour production of "Mourning Becomes Electra." Into the millennium, he was seen in "Julius Caesar" (as Cassius, 2001), "A Christmas Carol" (as Scrooge, 2002), "Women Beware Women" (2006), "Enron" (2009), "Educating Rita" (2010), "A Delicate Balance" (2011), "King Lear" (title role, 2011), "The Tempest" (as Prospero, 2012), the Chorus in "Henry V" in 2013, and earned both Olivier and Tony nominations here and abroad for his powerful portrayal of King Charles III (2015). Tim became an RSC Associate Artist in 2012, and served on both the RSC board (from 2005 until 2011) and as a governor from 2005 until his retirement in 2016. On film in later years, he often appeared in official high-ranking parts. His list of movies include Martin Scorsese's Gangs of New York (2002), The Four Feathers (2002), the historical Greek biopic Alexander (2004) starring Colin Farrell, V for Vendetta (2005), Flyboys (2006), Quantum of Solace (2008), Alice in Wonderland (2010), RED 2 (2013), Jupiter Ascending (2015) and Whisky Galore! (2016). He also graced such TV shows as "Downtown Abbey" and recreated his stage triumph in the title role of King Charles III (2017) which earned him a second BAFTA-TV nomination. Tim was in rehearsals for an upcoming stage performance of "Death of a Salesman" as Willy Loman in London when he died suddenly of natural causes on April 7, 2017, at age 70. He was survived by his actress wife Pamela Miles and their son Tom Pigott Smith, a concert/studio violinist. 35. Leonidas Gulaptis Actor Writer ProducerA Nice Girl Like You (2020) Leonidas Gulaptis was born in Grafton, New South Wales, Australia. He is an actor and writer, known for A Nice Girl Like You (2020), The Answer (2015) and Run the World (2021). 36. Ava Acres Actress Writer SoundtrackOnce Upon a Time (2016– ) Ava Acres is one of Hollywood's most versatile young actors. She played "Madeline" in American Horror Story: Hotel, young "Queen Regina" in ABC's Once Upon a Time, and recurred as young "Rebecca" in CW's award winning musical comedy Crazy Ex Girlfriend. Ava's recent credits include a recurring role on Ryan Murphy's 9-1-1 (Fox), Handsome: A NETFLIX Murder Mystery, and Wet Hot American Summer: Ten Years Later. Ava can also be seen as the evil supervillain Katya in MARVEL's Agents of Shield., and appeared in season 7 of Mad Men as Susie. Ava played a young Shailene Woodley in White Bird In A Blizzard (Gregg Araki, dir.), and Daniel Bruhl's daughter in the feature film Face Of An Angel (Michael Winterbottom, dir.) She starred in Ron Howard produced short film Evermore, played Naya Rivera's daughter in the thriller At The Devil's Door (Nicholas McCarthy, dir.), and played the lead role in a short directed by Demi Moore for Lifetime's FIVE - an anthology of short films exploring the impact of breast cancer. In one of her earliest film roles, Ava shared the screen with Academy Award winner Anna Paquin in the feature Free Ride (Shana Betz, dir.). Other television work includes a Tales From The Darkside pilot for CBS, a series regular role on the Fox comedy pilot Outnumbered, roles on Weeds, Harry's Law, Criminal Minds, and more. Ava enjoys singing, piano, ukulele, dance, and is an avid writer. Ava is also an accomplished Voice Over Actor, portraying young Erik in the film Happy Feet Two, recurring as Young Marceline in Primetime Emmy Award winning Cartoon Network's Adventure Time, performed as Sayaka in the Academy Award Nominated film by Studio Ghibli "When Marnie Was There", portrayed multiple roles in the Primetime Emmy Award winning hit show Family Guy, as well as voicing over 50 ADR roles in all genres of film and television. Ava and her older sister, Isabella, were both discovered while performing at a children's community theater in Hollywood, CA. Ava quickly booked her first commercial at age 3, her first Series Regular Role in FOX's Outnumbered by age 6, and her career continues to grow. When not acting in front of the camera, Ava writes, produces, and directs her own short films. 37. Alexa Sutherland Actress WriterThe Baxters (2024– ) Alexa Sutherland was born in the USA. She is an actress and writer, known for The Baxters (2024), Cheerleader Conspiracy (2022) and Speechless (2016). 38. Brian Thomas Smith Actor Producer WriterThe Big Bang Theory (2010–2019) Brian Thomas Smith was born on 13 May 1977 in St. Louis, Missouri, USA. He is an actor and producer, known for The Big Bang Theory (2007), Danny Collins (2015) and The Wedding Party (2016). 39. Alan Ball Producer Writer Additional CrewAmerican Beauty (1999) Alan Ball is an American writer, director, and producer who is known for writing the acclaimed film American Beauty and creating the HBO series True Blood starring Anna Paquin. He also wrote the films Towelhead and Uncle Frank. He also created Here and Now, Six Feet Under, and Banshee. He won awards for American Beauty and True Blood. 40. Melinda Casey Additional Crew Actress Second Unit Director or Assistant DirectorThe Outer Limits (1964– ) Melinda Casey was born on 13 May 1941 in Abilene, Texas, USA. She is an actress and assistant director, known for The Outer Limits (1963), Chicago Calling (1951) and The Green-Eyed Blonde (1957). She was previously married to Philip J Casey III and Robert Sherrill Ballew. 41. Hugo Becker Actor Producer DirectorL'assaut (2010) Becker attended the Conservatory of dramatic art in France, the court Florent (Olga Hörstig Prize) and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art of London. He was part of the promotion of Young Talents Cannes in 2010. That same year, he made his debut on screen in a variety of roles. He played a young politician in L'Assaut, directed by Julien Leclercq, an alcoholic hitchhiker in La Proie, directed by Eric Valette, a student in Marie-Castille Mention Schaar's Ma Première Fois and a young businessman in La Croisière, by Pascale Pouzadoux. In 2010, he made his debut in Hollywood, playing Louis Grimaldi, Prince of Monaco, in the CW drama Gossip Girl. Initially, he signed on for two episodes in the fourth season. Later, his role was extended for another eighteen episodes. In 2011, he played Xavier in the American film Damsels in Distress, directed by Whit Stillman (Oscar nominated for his film Metropolitan). The film closed the 68th Venice Film Festival and was selected at the Toronto Film Festival. In 2012, Becker starred as Antoine Lavoisier in the American docufiction Mystery of the Matter, directed by Mr. Meyer. In 2013, Hugo played Isaac Dreyfuss, a football star involved in a terrorist affair, for two episodes of a BBC3 series. In 2014, he played the role of Romain in the 6 episodes of the miniseries Chefs alongside Clovis Cornillac, for which he received the Adami Prize for the best promising actor at the Luchon festival. In 2015, he played the lead role in the 12 episodes French series entitled Au service de la France, written by Jean-François Halin, for the role of André Merlaux, a young recruit of the French secret service, in the year 1960. In 2016, he began playing the role of Cyril Balsan in the political drama series Baron Noir alongside Niels Arestrup, Kad Merad and Anna Mouglalis. In the same year, he starred in a main role alongside Yon González and Lluís Homar in the Spanish crime drama series Bajo sospecha. He played the role of a police officer infiltrated to find a missing person in a hospital in Madrid. He also played the role of Guillaume in the comedy Un jour mon prince!, by Flavia Coste. In 2018, he starred in Xavier Durringer's Paradise Beach alongside Sami Bouajila, Kool Shen, Seth Gueko and Tewfik Jallab. In the same year, he starred in Jusqu'ici tout va bien, by Mohamed Hamidi, alongside Gilles Lellouche, Malik Bentalha and Sabrina Ouazani. In 2019, he starred as Paul Vanhove in the Netflix science fiction series Osmosis. He is set to play a role as Paul WR in Le dernier voyage de l'énigmatique Paul W.R. by Romain Quirot and as Max in the film Döner directed by Jean-Luc Herbulot. Hugo Becker is fluent in English and Spanish. Since 2014, he is one of the producers at Nouvelle Donne Productions. 42. Robert Middleton ActorThe Court Jester (1955) Despite the fact that hefty, beetle-browed character actor Robert Middleton (born Samuel G. Messer) was known for most of his career as a mop-faced villain capable of the most vicious and contemptible of crimes, the man himself was quite a happy and hearty gent who loved to play practical jokes, particularly on his family. Robert was educated at the University of Cincinnati and the Carnegie Institute of Technology, where he studied music. His deep, mellifluous voice earned him steady work as a radio announcer which, in turn, sparked his interest in acting. In the early 1950s Middleton made it to Broadway, appearing in "Ondine." This in turn led to films and TV, where he solidified his evil image in such strong fare as The Desperate Hours (1955) as a sadistic killer, The Court Jester (1955) as a grim and determined knight who jousts with Danny Kaye in the famous "pellet with the poison" sequence, and as a sinister politician in The Lincoln Conspiracy (1977). Betwixt and between were an array of brutish mountain daddies, corrupt, cigar-chomping town bosses and lynch mob leaders. Occasionally he showed a bit of levity, as in his recurring role as Jackie Gleason's boss on The Honeymooners (1955) sketches. Middleton died of congestive heart failure in Hollywood at the age of 66. 43. Calahan Skogman ActorShadow and Bone (2021–2023) Calahan Skogman is an actor and screenwriter hailing from Green Bay, Wisconsin. In early 2020, after a series of short films, extensive stage experience, and receiving his MFA in acting from the University of Southern California, he landed the role of Matthias Helvar in the highly anticipated Netflix adaptation of Leigh Bardugo's Grishaverse novels titled "Shadow and Bone". 44. Herbert Ross Additional Crew Director ProducerThe Turning Point (1977) Herbert Ross was born on 13 May 1927 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York, USA. He was a director and producer, known for The Turning Point (1977), The Goodbye Girl (1977) and The Secret of My Succe$s (1987). He was married to Lee Radziwill and Nora Kaye. He died on 9 October 2001 in New York City, New York, USA. 45. Mary Walsh Writer Actress ProducerMambo Italiano (2003) Mary Walsh was born on 13 May 1952 in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. She is a writer and actress, known for Mambo Italiano (2003), Codco (1986) and This Hour Has 22 Minutes (1993). She has been married to Donald Nichol since 2002. 46. Ryan Piers Williams Actor Writer ProducerX/Y (2014) Ryan Piers Williams was born on 13 May 1981 in Texas, USA. He is an actor and writer, known for X/Y (2014), The Dry Land (2010) and Barbie (2023). He has been married to America Ferrera since 27 June 2011. They have two children. 47. Tish Cyrus Producer Actress ExecutiveLOL (2012) Tish Cyrus was born on 13 May 1967 in Nashville, Tennessee, USA. She is a producer and actress, known for LOL (2012), The Last Song (2010) and So Undercover (2012). She has been married to Dominic Purcell since 19 August 2023. She was previously married to Billy Ray Cyrus and Baxter Helson. 48. Robert Crawford Jr. Actor Producer Additional CrewThe Sting (1973) Robert Crawford, Jr. was a child actor best known for playing Andy on the TV Western series Laramie (1959). He was nominated for an Emmy Award in 1959 for the Playhouse 90 (1956) episode "Child of Our Time" the same year his kid brother Johnny Crawford was Emmy-nominated for playing Chuck Connors son Mark in The Rifleman (1958). Crawford, who was also billed as "Bobby Crawford", lost to legend Fred Astaire and was up against such legends as: Mickey Rooney and Paul Muni and the actor's actors Christopher Plummer Rod Steiger. Although he acted into his mid-20s, his performing career was over by the age of 24. An association with the director George Roy Hill (his father Robert Crawford edited Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid (1969)) got him into the production side of the business, and he later became a film and TV producer. 49. Dennis Rodman Actor Director WriterDouble Team (1997) Dennis Rodman is an American retired professional basketball player who played for the Detroit Pistons, San Antonio Spurs, Chicago Bulls, Los Angeles Lakers, and Dallas Mavericks in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was nicknamed "The Worm" and is famous for his fierce defensive and rebounding abilities. Rodman played at the small forward position in his early years before becoming a power forward. He earned NBA All-Defensive First Team honors seven times and won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year Award twice. He also led the NBA in rebounds per game for a record seven consecutive years and won five NBA championships. His biography at NBA.com states that he is "arguably the best rebounding forward in NBA history". On April 1, 2011, the Pistons retired Rodman's No. 10 jersey, and he was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame later that year. In addition to being a retired professional basketball player, Rodman is a retired part-time professional wrestler and actor. He was a member of the nWo and fought alongside Hulk Hogan at two Bash at the Beach events. In professional wrestling, Rodman was the first ever winner of the Celebrity Championship Wrestling tournament. He had his own TV show, The Rodman World Tour (1996), and had lead roles in the action films Double Team (1997) and Simon Sez (1999). He also appeared in several reality TV series. 50. Stevie Wonder Music Artist Composer ActorWild Wild West (1999) Born Stevland Hardaway Judkins in Saginaw, Michigan, United States, to Calvin Judkins and Lula Mae Hardaway. Due to being born six weeks premature, Stevie Wonder was born with a condition called retinopathy of prematurity, which made him blind. Stevie Wonder, even with this disability, made his landmark to be a pioneer and innovator in the music industry. Stevie Wonder's mother, Lula Mae Hardaway left her husband and moved herself and her children to Detroit. Due to her leaving Lula Hardaway Judkins changed her name to Lula Hardaway and changed Stevie's surname to Stevland Morris. Stevland Morris growing up played various instruments such as the piano, harmonica, drums, and bass. Stevland Morris never played a lot of outdoor activities due to his protective mother. Stevland Morris due to his musical talent was also strongly apart of the church choir. Stevland Morris was originally discovered by Gerald White who often persuaded his brother, soul singer Ronnie White to visit the talented Stevland Morris. Ronnie White after seeing Stevland Morris brought Stevland and his mother to MoTown Records to visit Berry Gordy. Berry Gordy stated he was not impressed by Stevland's singing,or drumming,bongo skills and then he played the harmonica, which astounded Berry Gordy and Stevland Morris in 1961 at the age of eleven signed onto MoTown Records with the stage name, Little Stevie Wonder. The reason why Stevie Wonder had gotten that stage name was because many people were astounded by his ability to play numerous instruments and his ability to sing doing both at the same time, and people called Stevie "A Little Wonder". Stevie Wonder released his first album called,The Jazz Soul Of Little Stevie at the age of twelve followed by an additional album, Tribute To Uncle Ray dedicated to Ray Charles. In 1963, Stevie Wonder released a hit-song called, Fingertips Pt(2). The song reached number one on the Billboard Pop Charts. Stevie Wonder became the first singer to have a number one album and single simultaneously. In the song were several percussion instruments played by Stevie Wonder and this song was added to the album,Recorded Live: The Twelve Year Old Genius. Stevie Wonder was then referred to as the child prodigy. Stevie Wonder in 1964 made in film debut in the movie, Muscle Beach Party as well as the sequel Bikini Beach both directed by William Asher. In this movie Stevie Wonder shows off his musical talent singing the songs, Happy Street and Happy Feeling (Dance And Shout). Stevie Wonder also dropped "Little" from this stage name as his voice started to change and he could no longer sing songs which Clarence Paul had written for him, as they were all written in a higher pitched note. Stevie Wonder then started focusing more on songwriting and came out with genuine hits like Uptight (Everything's Alright),With A Child's Heart, Blowing In The Wind, and a song which he wrote for Smokey Robinson and The Miracles, Tears Of A Clown. Several other songs which were smashing hits in the 60's and 70's were I Was Made To Love Her, Signed Sealed And Delivered I'm Yours, which Stevie stated was an idea he had gotten from his mother,and For Once In My Life. In 1970 Stevie Wonder left MoTown and recorded two independent albums by himself. Berry Gordy was shocked to hear this by Stevie Wonder and Berry Gord agreed to Stevie Wonder's demand of more independence and full creative control and rights to all his songs. In 1972 Stevie Wonder returned to MoTown records and signed a thirteen million dollar contract with MoTown Records. This entitled Stevie Wonder to a higher royalty rate and more full creative control and the rights to his own songs, which few artists had gotten at that time period. This contract unleashed Wonder's songs to now talk about controversial issues such as poverty,war,drugs, and politics.Stevie is known for writing and performing political songs such as, You Haven't Done Nothing, which took a political stab at Richard Nixon. The first album he had released with his new agreement with MoTown was, Music Of My Mind in 1972. In late 1972 Stevie Wonder released an album which today is known as a historic piece in music,Talking Book. Which included the number one hit-song, Superstition. This song featured the clavinet which Stevie Wonder was credited pioneer of, he later used the electric amplified keyboard instrument in many of his other albums along with the synthesizer. The song Superstition was seen as a significant contribution to the Funk genre. Talking Book also featured, You Are The Sunshine Of My Life which also peaked at number one. Stevie Wonder also toured with The Rolling Stones in 1972 which contributed to his album's success. Stevie Wonder struck a controversial issue with the album, Innervisions in 1973 with singles such as Living For The City which talked about poverty and was credited to African Americans.The album also included singles such as Golden Lady, and All Love Is Fair. On August,6, 1973 Stevie Wonder was in a car accident. The twenty-three year old Stevie Wonder was in the passenger seat of a 1948 Dodge Flatbed Truck,he was sleeping and had his headphones on, the driver distracted by something, and failed to notice the truck ahead of them and crashed. This sent Stevie Wonder into a coma for several days. In a biography entitled, The Miraculous Journey Of Lula Mae Hardaway she retells the story, "There was a great, grinding screech as metal hit metal and, then, impossibly, as if in some lavishly produced Hollywood action movie, one of the great logs disencumbered itself of the truck and came crashing through the windshield, spearing Stevie square in the forehead." Wonder was sent to a hospital immediately after the accident, and was placed under intensive care, with what they described a "bruise on the head" Wonder then made a successful recovery and in 1974 released Fullfillingness' First Finale and which song topped number one on the Billboard Pop Charts was the political song, You Haven't Done Nothing. By the age of twenty-five he was a multiple Grammy-Award winner, winning Grammies for albums such as Talking Book, Inner Vision, and Fullfillingness' First Finale and at the age of twenty-five with several talent musicians he was on the verge of making what came to be one of this most admirable masterpieces, an album called, Songs In The Key Of Life. The double-album, Songs In The Key Of Life was released in 1976 and the album became the first of an American artist to debut straight at number one where it remained for fourteen consecutive weeks. The album contained two tracks which rose to number one on the Billboard Charts,I Wish and Sir Duke. The album also contained an extraordinary sentimental song about his daughter Aisha Morris called,Isn't She Lovely". It also contained the song which focused strongly on poverty called, Village Ghetto Land. Rolling Stones listed the album as the 56th Greatest Album Of All Time out of 500. In 1979, Wonder released a soundtrack album called Journey Through The Secret Life Of Plants. It was featured in the film The Secret Life Of Plants. Wonder also wrote the song,Let's Get Serious for Jermaine Jackson who left The Jacksons and was starting his own solo career. The song was ranked by Billboard to be the number one rhythm and blues song of 1980. In 1980, Stevie Wonder released the album called Hotter Than July. On this album was a song called Happy Birthday. That song was dedicated to Martin Luther King Jr, and Stevie Wonder was one of the pioneers to getting Martin Luther King Jr a national holiday. Stevie Wonder in 1985 received an Academy Award for his song, I Just Called To Say I Love in the film, The Woman In Red. In 1986, Stevie Wonder made a guest appearance on the hit-show The Cosby Show. It was during this episode in which people were astounded toward what the synthesizer could really do. In 1987 Stevie Wonder made a duet with Michael Jackson on his Bad album with the single, Just Good Friends. In the same year Michael Jackson did a duet on Stevie Wonder's characters album. In 1991, Stevie Wonder recorded a soundtrack album for Spike Lee in his new movie, Jungle Fever. The album was entitled, Jungle Fever and the hit-song on it was entitled Jungle Fever. Other singles that came from this album were Gotta Have You,Feeding Off The Love Of The Land,and These Three Words. Stevie Wonder continued releasing new material throughout the 90's such as Natural Wonder, and Conversation Piece. In 1996 Stevie Wonder's A Song In The Key Of Life album became a documentary subject, and several of the musicians who contributed to the success of the album had a reunion. In 1997 Stevie Wonder collaborated with Babyface on the single, How Come How Long. In 2000 Stevie Wonder contributed to two sound track songs for Spike Lee's film Bamboozled. The two soundtrack songs were Misrepresented People and Some Years Ago. In 2006, Stevie Wonder's inspiration of his life, his mother, Lula Mae Hardaway died on May,31,2006. Stevie Wonder then in 2007 announced his tour, A Wonder's Summer Night 13 concert tour- this was his first in over ten years, and he states, he wants to take all the sadness he feels,turn it around and celebrate. Stevie Wonder in 2008 was very involved in the Presidential Campaign, and why he thinks Obama will be a great president for America. Stevie Wonder talked at several press conferences about Obama and why America should vote for him. Stevie Wonder in 2009 was named the United Nations Messenger Of Peace.On February 23,2009 Stevie Wonder received the Gershwin Prize For Pop Music awarded to Stevie Wonder by Barack Obama. On June,25,2009 one of his best friends,Michael Jackson had died. Stevie Wonder attended the memorial and performed the song, Never Dreamed You'd Leave In Summer at the Staple's Center. Stevie Wonder recently in 2011 can be heard playing harmonica on Drake Graham's album Take Care. Stevie Wonder's songs have been sampled by artists such as Jon Gibson,Red Hot Chilli Peppers,Mary J Blige and several other artists were inspired by Stevie's musical talent. Stevie Wonder will forever be known as a pioneer in music a philanthropist, and a messenger of peace addressing controversies in music which very few artists did at that time. Stevie Wonder has touched the hearts of millions through his music and his philanthropic generosity. 50 more Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/chart/starmeter/?ref_=nv_cel_m
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app IMDb Charts Share Most Popular Celebs As determined by IMDb users 100 Names Sort bySTARmeter STARmeterAlphabetical 2 ( 1) Nava Mau Actress Producer DirectorBaby Reindeer (2024– ) 3 ( 1) Ella Purnell Actress Producer DirectorMiss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children (2016) 9 ( 6) Jessica Gunning Actress WriterPride (2014) 8 ( 4) Sydney Sweeney Actress ProducerEuphoria (2019–2022) 10 ( 5) Richard Gadd Actor Writer ProducerBaby Reindeer (2024– ) 1 ( 5) Nicholas Galitzine Actor SoundtrackPurple Hearts (2022) 12 ( 5) Walton Goggins Actor Producer SoundtrackJustified (2010–2015) 16 ( 8) Anna Sawai ActressNinja Assassin (2009) 4 ( 5) Anne Hathaway Actress Producer SoundtrackLes Misérables (2012) 27 ( 17) Briana Cuoco ActressDead Boy Detectives (2024– ) 19 ( 8) Eiza González Actress Soundtrack Music DepartmentBaby Driver (2017) 26 ( 14) Zendaya Actress Producer Sound DepartmentSpider-Man: Homecoming (2017) 15 ( 2) Glen Powell Actor Producer WriterTop Gun: Maverick (2022) 37 ( 23) Cosmo Jarvis Actor Director WriterShôgun (2024– ) 6 ( 9) Freya Allan ActressKingdom of the Planet of the Apes (2024) 49 ( 33) Mike Faist Actor SoundtrackWest Side Story (2021) 54 ( 37) Sofia Boutella Actress SoundtrackKingsman: The Secret Service (2014) 34 ( 16) Kaya Scodelario ActressPirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (2017) 21 ( 2) Ryan Gosling Actor Producer DirectorBlue Valentine (2010) 40 ( 20) Jodie Comer Actress Producer Additional CrewThe Last Duel (2021) 53 ( 32) Josh O'Connor Actor Writer ComposerGod's Own Country (2017) 95 ( 73) Ana de Armas Actress ProducerBlade Runner 2049 (2017) 87 ( 64) Jenn Lyon Actress Art Director ProducerJustified (2012–2013) 68 ( 44) Xelia Mendes-Jones ActorFallout (2024– ) 199 ( 174) Julie Benz Actress Producer SoundtrackDexter (2006–2010) 25 ( 1) Emily Blunt Actress Producer Additional CrewEdge of Tomorrow (2014) 72 ( 45) Aaron Moten Actor SoundtrackFallout (2024– ) 46 ( 18) Jenna Ortega Actress Producer SoundtrackScream (2022) 36 ( 7) Katy O'Brian Actress StuntsAnt-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania (2023) 71 ( 41) Moises Arias Actor Director ProducerEnder's Game (2013) 31 ( ) Anya Taylor-Joy Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Queen's Gambit (2020– ) 61 ( 29) Eliot Sumner Actor Music Department SoundtrackRipley (2024– ) 176 ( 143) Kirsten Dunst Actress Producer DirectorSpider-Man (2002) 66 ( 32) Hiroyuki Sanada Actor Producer Music DepartmentTasogare Seibei (2002) 276 ( 241) Christina Hendricks Actress Producer Additional CrewGinger & Rosa (2012) 57 ( 21) Theo James Actor Producer ExecutiveDivergent (2014) 89 ( 52) Cailee Spaeny ActressPriscilla (2023) 24 ( 14) Aaron Taylor-Johnson Actor Producer WriterKick-Ass (2010) 63 ( 24) Bryce Dallas Howard Actress Director ProducerJurassic World Dominion (2022) 56 ( 16) Florence Pugh Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Falling (2014) 29 ( 12) Melanie Lynskey Actress SoundtrackTogetherness (2015–2016) 52 ( 10) Rebecca Ferguson Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Greatest Showman (2017) 510 ( 467) Joaquin Phoenix Actor Producer DirectorWalk the Line (2005) 70 ( 26) Annabel O'Hagan ActressFallout (2024– ) 213 ( 168) Ed Skrein Actor Director WriterDeadpool (2016) 155 ( 109) Tadanobu Asano Actor Director ComposerMongol: The Rise of Genghis Khan (2007) 149 ( 102) Lukas Gage Actor Writer SoundtrackEuphoria (2019– ) 7 ( 41) Sarah Jones ActressFor All Mankind (2019–2021) 249 ( 200) Luca Guadagnino Director Producer WriterCall Me by Your Name (2017) 198 ( 148) Russell Crowe Actor Producer DirectorLes Misérables (2012) 17 ( 34) Mckenna Grace Actress Producer Additional CrewGifted (2017) 183 ( 131) George Rexstrew ActorDead Boy Detectives (2024– ) 33 ( 20) Isabela Merced Actress Music Department SoundtrackTransformers: The Last Knight (2017) 65 ( 11) Alan Ritchson Actor Producer DirectorTeenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014) 43 ( 12) Henry Cavill Actor Additional Crew ProducerMan of Steel (2013) 881 ( 825) Jessica Alba Actress Producer CinematographerFantastic Four (2005) 88 ( 31) Austin Butler Actor Producer SoundtrackElvis (2022) 60 ( 2) Nicolas Cage Actor Producer DirectorFace/Off (1997) 167 ( 108) Elisabeth Moss Actress Producer DirectorThe Invisible Man (2020) 109 ( 49) Timothée Chalamet Actor Producer SoundtrackCall Me by Your Name (2017) 81 ( 20) Mary Elizabeth Winstead Actress Producer Soundtrack10 Cloverfield Lane (2016) 121 ( 59) Andrew Scott Actor Producer SoundtrackAll of Us Strangers (2023) 75 ( 12) Dakota Fanning Actress Producer DirectorWar of the Worlds (2005) 1,249 ( 1185) Jenna Coleman Actress Producer SoundtrackVictoria (2016–2019) 145 ( 80) Jesse Plemons Actor Music Department ProducerGame Night (2018) 108 ( 42) Emma Stone Actress Producer SoundtrackLa La Land (2016) 59 ( 8) Ryan Reynolds Actor Producer WriterDeadpool 2 (2018) 47 ( 21) Hannah Waddingham Actress Producer SoundtrackTed Lasso (2020–2023) 215 ( 146) Sarita Choudhury Actress ProducerLady in the Water (2006) 258 ( 188) Amy Ryan Actress Producer SoundtrackGone Baby Gone (2007) 152 ( 81) Dwayne Johnson Actor Producer WriterBlack Adam (2022) 45 ( 27) Joey King Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Act (2019– ) 74 ( 1) Carrie Preston Actress Director ProducerClaws (2017–2022) 106 ( 32) Guy Ritchie Writer Director ProducerSherlock Holmes (2009) 91 ( 16) Tom Hardy Actor Producer WriterInception (2010) 193 ( 117) Tom Goodman-Hill Actor Producer WriterRebecca (2020) 182 ( 105) David Dastmalchian Actor Writer ProducerOppenheimer (2023) 76 ( 2) Keanu Reeves Actor Producer Additional CrewThe Matrix (1999) 117 ( 38) Liam Neeson Actor Producer WriterKinsey (2004) 84 ( 4) Tom Cruise Actor Producer DirectorTop Gun (1986) 41 ( 40) Heather Thomas ActressZapped! (1982) 22 ( 60) Jonah Hauer-King Actor SoundtrackThe Little Mermaid (2023) 238 ( 155) Kyle MacLachlan Actor Director SoundtrackTwin Peaks (2017– ) 1,373 ( 1289) Ann-Margret Actress SoundtrackCarnal Knowledge (1971) 35 ( 50) Jeff Daniels Actor Producer WriterThe Squid and the Whale (2005) 157 ( 71) Kirby Actress Writer ProducerThe Good Place (2018–2020) 127 ( 40) Cillian Murphy Actor Producer Writer28 Days Later... (2002) 4,521 ( 4433) Brian McCardie ActorTime (2021– ) 125 ( 36) Jason Statham Actor Producer StuntsCrank (2006) 603 ( 513) Gal Gadot Actress Producer SoundtrackWonder Woman (2017) 287 ( 196) Emma Corrin Actress Music Department SoundtrackLady Chatterley's Lover (2022) 262 ( 170) Kerry Condon ActressThe Banshees of Inisherin (2022) 228 ( 135) Jason Bateman Actor Producer DirectorArrested Development (2003–2019) 282 ( 188) Ruth Connell Actress Producer SoundtrackSupernatural (2014–2019) 78 ( 17) Alexandra Daddario Actress Producer SoundtrackBaywatch (2017) 179 ( 83) Nitanshi Goel ActressLaapataa Ladies (2023) 1,127 ( 1030) Penélope Cruz Actress Producer DirectorVicky Cristina Barcelona (2008) 107 ( 9) Riley Keough Actress Producer DirectorMad Max: Fury Road (2015) 817 ( 718) Michelle Pfeiffer Actress Producer SoundtrackThe Fabulous Baker Boys (1989) 280 ( 180) Nicole Kidman Actress Producer Music DepartmentMoulin Rouge! (2001) More to explore Charts Top Box Office (US) From the past weekend Most Popular Movies As determined by IMDb users IMDb Top 250 Movies As rated by regular IMDb voters. Top Rated English Movies English-language movies as rated by IMDb users Most Popular TV Shows As determined by IMDb users Top 250 TV Shows Top 250 as rated by IMDb Users Lowest Rated Movies Bottom 100 as voted by IMDb users Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/news/celebrity/?ref_=nv_cel_nw
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Celebrity News Aida Rodriguez: Unpacking My Childhood Traumas Through Comedy Is Cathartic Aida Rodriguez is a Puerto Rican and Dominican comedian, actor, and writer. In 2019, she had her own half-hour special on Netflix's hit comedy series "They Ready," executive-produced by Tiffany Haddish and Wanda Sykes. In November 2021, she released her first-hour stand-up special "Fighting Words," which premiered on Max, and in October 2023, Rodriguez released her memoir "Legitimate Kid." For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. I've always viewed comedy as a coping mechanism for people who are in lower economic situations or just dealing with very hard circumstances. In the words of Kevin Hart: "Laugh at my pain." My upbringing was no different. I didn't really engage in comedy as much when I was younger because I was a very shy and timid kid. But humor was always around me,... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Aida Rodriguez Popsugar.com How Erik Rivera Uses Comedy to Heal and Help Others For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. Erik Rivera's life is good. Joining our Zoom session from his Los Angeles home, the writer, actor, and comedian is all smiles beneath a worn baseball cap. Maybe it's that sunny weather Angelinos are always bragging about. Or maybe it's the fact that he's worked hard to achieve what he has now: a respectable career, a stable marriage, and two wonderful boys. Either way, the contrast between where he once was and his current status isn't lost on him, even if it is lost on his kids. "My kids have no idea how good they have it," the comic says with a laugh. Growing up as the child of a Puerto Rican father and Guatemalan mother in New Rochelle,... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Ian Lara: Comedy Gave Me the Strength to Overcome My Mother's Death Ian Lara is a Dominican American stand-up comedian from Queens, NY, who found internet success after his appearance on "Comedy Central Stand-Up Featuring," which has garnered over 10 million views. Lara was a regular on "This Week at the Comedy Cellar" on Comedy Central and was featured in "Bring the Funny" on NBC. He made his late-night television debut on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon" in 2019, and in 2020, Lara performed his first 30-minute special for HBO Latino's "Entre Nos: LA Meets NY." In 2022, Lara's half-hour special on Comedy Central, "Growing Shame," aired in February, and his HBO special, "Ian Lara: Romantic Comedy," was released in November on HBO Max. For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. "El que anda corriendo llega cansado." That's a famous Dominican... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Ian Lara Popsugar.com Sasha Merci: How Comedy Has Helped Me Navigate Depression For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. One of the things I love about comedy is how it fuses my personality with my purpose. I was diagnosed with depression when I was 14 years old, a time when I began comparing my life to that of my high school peers and quickly noticed the differences. At the time, most of my peers had never experienced significant loss like I had. While they were preoccupied with clothes, gossip, and pop culture, I was grappling with thoughts of death. This numbness to ordinary concerns led me into a deep existential crisis. My struggle with depression was triggered early on by the loss of several family members, including my mother and my grandmother. Processing these losses took years of therapy. See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Sasha Merci Popsugar.com Gina Brillon: The Loss of My Grandmother Pushed Me to Pursue Comedy Gina Brillon is a Puerto Rican actress, stand-up comedian, writer, and mom born and raised in the Bronx. In 2012, she became the first and only Latina winner of NBC's Stand Up for Diversity Showcase. She went on to release comedy specials on NuvoTV, HBO, and Amazon Prime. She has appeared on "The View," "Late Night With Seth Meyers," and "Jimmy Kimmel Live," and was the first Latina comedian to be a finalist in season 16 of "America's Got Talent." For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. We don't talk enough about the healing powers of humor. The old saying, "laughter is the best medicine," as cliché as it may be, actually has a lot of truth to it. I learned about the power of laughter at a relatively young age. See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Gina Brillon Popsugar.com Fabrizio Copano Is Using Comedy to Address Political Wounds For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. Fabrizio Copano, a rising star in the world of stand-up comedy, isn't your typical Latine comic. His journey, shaped by his Chilean upbringing under a pos-dictatorship and his subsequent disillusionment with the American Dream, fuels a unique comedic perspective that tackles serious political and cultural themes. Copano's early life in Chile was marked by the tail-end of political turmoil. Growing up, he witnessed firsthand the harsh repercussions of Augusto Pinochet's dictatorship, a period characterized by repression, human rights abuses, and a stifling political climate. This experience undoubtedly contrasts the idealized image of the US he received through the media. "Chile is very Americanized in certain ways, and we look up [to] the US," Copano says. "The culture shock was... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Kimmy Dole Popsugar.com How the "Lo Que Pasa en Casa" Mentality Held Me Back From My Comedic Voice For Mental Health Awareness Month, we asked Latine comedians and creators we admire how comedy has supported them in overcoming trauma and confronting life's most significant challenges. Read the pieces here. There's a cultural maxim within Latinidad that's always left me a bit unsettled: "Lo que pasa en casa se queda en casa." It means what happens at home stays at home - aka loyalty above everything. Growing up in a subjectively funny family taught me invaluable lessons about the power of humor and its role as a survival tool, especially during challenging times. In my Ecuadorian immigrant family, our main coping mechanism was finding solace in humor amid chaos. But there was always a boundary, an invisible line to how far we could share drawn by the "lo que pasa en la casa" mentality - the notion that certain things should never leave the confines of our home. It... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/6/2024 by Katherine G. Mendoza Popsugar.com Willow Smith Used Meditation and Workouts to Fuel the Creativity on "Empathogen" Willow Smith's "b i g f e e l i n g s" is the final song on her new album, "empathogen." And, according to Smith, it's "the most complex piece of music I've created in my entire career." "Hopefully not the last - definitely not the last," she qualifies. "But this one is pretty awesome." The entire record - the 24-year-old's sixth solo studio album - represents a sonic departure. Ahead of its release on May 3, Smith was a little nervous about putting it out into the world. But mostly, she was energized. "I'm a risk-taker, what can I say?" "This whole album is different from anything I've done, and I'm just so excited for people to hear it," she says. "You always take a little bit of a risk, but I'm a risk-taker, what can I say?" Indeed, Smith has made a name for herself throughout her... See full article at Popsugar.com 5/2/2024 by Lena Felton Popsugar.com Nicki Nicole Says Rap Music Helped Her Get Out of Her Shell It's a drizzly Thursday afternoon in New York City, and Nicki Nicole has spent most of her day answering back-to-back interview questions from journalists. For someone who just concluded a tour between Latin America and Europe, not to mention nine sold-out shows at the Movistar Arena in Buenos Aires, where more than 100,000 fans were in attendance, you'd think she was ready to slow down. But hours before our conversation, she announced that her first US headlining tour would kick off next month in Mexico City. You can see the tunnel vision in her green eyes. Her fans, who have been by her side since day one, are what motivate her to keep going. The 23-year-old budding singer, rapper, and songwriter has cemented a name for herself in her native country of Argentina. Nicole Cucco prides herself on never sticking to just one genre when creating music; it helped define her... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/29/2024 by Brenda Barrientos Popsugar.com Revisiting Jennifer Lopez’s 2011 Album “Love?” and What It Signifies Today As the anniversary of Jennifer Lopez's sixth studio album "Love?" approaches, it's a fitting time to reflect on this album's significance within J Lo's career, its impact on fans, and its continued relevance in light of her recent endeavors. Released on April 29, 2011, "Love?" came at a time when Lopez was already a multifaceted force in entertainment. Music, film, and fashion-she'd conquered them all. Yet, "Love?" transcended mere career markers. It delved into love, a theme central to Lopez's personal narrative. This wasn't just an album; it was a declaration. Through "Love?" Lopez explored her own quest for love and fulfillment. The title track, "(What Is) Love?" beautifully captures this yearning. Lopez laid bare her vulnerabilities through her music, creating an emotional connection with her audience. Take the poignant question - "Is this just a dream / Is this what it seems?" - which echoes a longing for validation, her desire to be someone's girlfriend,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/29/2024 by Kimmy Dole Popsugar.com Thalia's "A Mucha Honra" Album Is a Love Letter to Música Mexicana Throughout her illustrious career, Thalia has proudly represented Mexican culture through her music, iconic looks, and unforgettable performances. With música Mexicana going global, the Mexican pop icon is tapping into the sounds of her roots through her new album "A Mucha Honra," where she pays homage to the music of her country while embracing the new wave of corridos. "This album is called 'A Mucha Honra' because, as a Mexican, it makes me so excited to sing this music," she tells Ps. "It's in my DNA. I feel like with everything happening now with our music on a global level, it's made us so proud. This is a celebration of our music and Mexican culture." Thalia's career spans five decades since she entered the scene in the '80s as a member of the Mexican children's group Timbiriche. In the '90s, she launched her solo career, which took her worldwide,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/26/2024 by Lucas Villa Popsugar.com Julio Torres's "Problemista" Shows the US Immigration System Is a Relentless Maze We live in a society that insists if you work hard, you can probably achieve the goals you've set for yourself. But "Problemista," the first feature film by writer and comedian Julio Torres, which is now in theaters worldwide, poses the question: is working hard always enough? Loosely based off of Torres's own immigration experience, the film follows Alejandro, an aspiring toy designer from El Salvador struggling to make his dream a reality in New York City who loses his job and desperately needs to secure a sponsor to stay in the States. Even after taking a freelance assistant gig with an erratic art critic named Elizabeth (played by Tilda Swinton), Alejandro (played by Torres) finds himself in one of the most relentless and nightmarish mazes of American bureaucracy - the US immigration system. "I think that I've always been fascinated with how soulless and how isolating bureaucracy can be,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/24/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Chuwi Is the Voice of a New Puerto Rican Generation With a bassy voice and over a minimalist syncopated beat, Wilfredo "Willy" Aldarondo sings of lament. "The love of my life left for New York / my mom followed my aunt, to Florida they went/packing my bags, it's my turn now / the plane landed, and no one clapped." These are the opening lines of "Tierra," the leading single off the Puerto Rican band Chuwi's newest EP of the same title. Founded in 2020 in the northwestern coastal town of Isabela, Chuwi is composed of Willy, his sister Lorén Aldarondo, his brother Wester Aldarondo, and friend Adrián López. Describing the band's sound is a challenge in and of itself. Are they Latin jazz, indie rock, urbano, tropical fusion, or something else altogether? The answer to all of those questions is "yes." Over the past two years, the quartet's popularity has grown among listeners and industry peers. Part of that reason is that... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/23/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Camila Mendes on Why We Need More Latine Representation in Rom-Coms A simple Google search of "the best rom-coms of all time" will take you down a nostalgic hole of '90s and early-'00s movies like "10 Things I Hate About You," "While You Were Sleeping," and "P.S. I Love You." These classics, among many others, have shaped how we view love on screen. But through these films, we've learned what love looks like through white protagonists; many Bipoc communities have failed to see themselves reflected. While we saw Latine actresses like Salma Hayek, Jennifer Lopez, and Christina Milian make their mark early on in romantic comedy movies, for years the entertainment industry has undervalued and underrepresented Latine communities on screen and behind the camera. Camila Mendes is shifting that narrative. You likely recognize her from rom-coms like "Palm Springs," "The Perfect Date," and "The New Romantic" - and she's starring in and serving as an an executive producer for the new rom-com film "Música,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Brenda Barrientos Popsugar.com Saraciea Fennell: "The Black Girl Survives in This One" Is the Representation I Didn't See in Horror Books I've always been obsessed with horror. From childhood, when I bunked with my siblings and primas, we told each other spooky stories in the middle of the night to rock ourselves to sleep. Every evening we would take turns telling stories, and the stories seemed to get scarier and scarier. When it was my night to tell a story to the group, I knew I had to bring the best jump scares. I'd find myself spinning stories until my sisters' and primas' bodies would tense up in fear. I knew then that horror stories were something I could weave. There's something about having fear knotted up in your belly; it's like riding a roller coaster and waiting for the thrill of the drop. Horror has always been a part of my life, so it felt natural for me to work on a book like "The Black Girl Survives in This One. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Saraciea Fennell Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Bodine Talks New Album "Quemo Lento" and Growing From Hardships In the music video for her piano-driven interlude "Bambi," Bodine poses in the middle of a dense forest, artistically garbed in assorted animal bones as she croons over the black and white footage with an ear-catching voice that straddles mezzo and alto ranges. The visual doubled as an announcement video for her sophomore EP, "Quemo Lento," which dropped last month. Still, if anyone got the impression the project would hinge on somber instrumentals, her other tracks quickly proved them wrong. The follow-up singles "No Me Quiere Más Na'" and "Nalgaje" present a saucier and more liberated version of Bodine. But who is the real Bodine? Is it the contemplative, artsy soul hinted at in the first track, or the one who takes pride in homaging vedette Iris Chacón and singing catchy odes to booties? The answer is unsurprising to those who know her - she's both. Born in Amsterdam, Bodine... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Melissa Barrera in "Abigail" Is Proof We Need More Latines in Horror The lack of Latine representation in film today is disappointing when you consider Latines accounted for 29 percent of moviegoers in the States in 2020. And here's a fun fact you probably didn't know: Latines also represent 26 percent of horror movie audiences, compared with 20 percent for other genres, according to a recent survey. Still, there's a marked lack of Latine actors starring in horror films. But Melissa Barrera's career has been challenging that. The horror and suspense queen has starred in several films within the genre in just the past few years, including "Scream," "Scream IV," "Bed Rest," and "Your Monster." Her latest role is as Joey in "Abigail," a gory vampire film released April 19 about a group of criminals assigned to kidnap the 12-year-old daughter of a crooked millionaire. Like a lot of Barrera's roles, Joey isn't your typical in-your-face Latina character. She's a war veteran with a dream to... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/22/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Selena Quintanilla Deserves to Be Celebrated This Year - Not Exploited Fifty-three years ago today, the world was blessed with the birth of Selena Quintanilla-Pérez, who became an eternal icon in Latin pop culture and music. Selena blazed a trail for the música Mexicana explosion that we're seeing today and the Latina pop stars who have followed in her footsteps. Her impact is often minimized in comparison to the circumstances of her tragic death. However, her music - and how she bridged the gap between her Mexican and American identities - continue to resonate with new generations of Latine fans. Selena Quintanilla was born on April 16, 1971, and grew up in Corpus Christi, TX. She was an Aries, a sign often described as "passionate, brave, and headstrong." Indeed of conforming with the música Mexicana artists of the time, she paved the way for herself by proudly embracing her Chicana identity. With influences like Whitney Houston, Janet Jackson, Jody Watley, and Gloria Estefan,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/16/2024 by Lucas Villa Popsugar.com Bad Bunny's First NYC Show From His Most Wanted Tour Is Proof His Latine Fans Still Come First When I first learned that Bad Bunny's sold-out Most Wanted Tour included three back-to-back shows at the Barclays Center in NYC and one that landed on my birthday, April 11, it all seemed meant to be. The concert would occur three days after a highly anticipated solar eclipse, a new moon, and all during a Mercury retrograde. It would also happen during Aries season - the beginning of the astrological year and a time for new beginnings. While I had high expectations for Benito's performance and his first NYC show from the tour, one thing that stood out most is how the Puerto Rican artist continues to appreciate and celebrate his loyal Latine fans. Bad Bunny is the most-streamed artist on the planet. This fun fact never loses its significance for loyal Latine fans who have witnessed the struggle for Latin music to get the respect and support it deserves here in the States. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/12/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Olivia Rodrigo's "Guts" Tour Made Me Feel Like a Teen Again I knew I was going to shed a tear or two at Olivia Rodrigo's "Guts" Tour. I'm just a girl, after all. On April 6, the three-time Grammy winner performed her second of four sold-out shows at Madison Square Garden in New York City. And for an hour and a half on Saturday night, Rodrigo reminded us of the good, bad, and ugly of girlhood. A bag adorned with ribbon bows slung over my shoulder, I screamed in anticipation with a crowd full of sequin miniskirts, glittery purple eyeshadow, and fishnet tights as Rodrigo ascended onto the stage for her opening number, "Bad Idea Right." To my surprise, the audience wasn't just young teens, kids, and their parents. An unexpected handful of 20- and 30-something adults like me were just as ready to jump and sing along to a mix of tunes from her sophomore album, "Guts," and her critically acclaimed debut album,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/8/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com Jennifer Lopez's Viral "the Bronx" Controversy Proves Younger Latines Don't Find Her Authentic Jennifer Lopez has been busy. In case you missed it, the Puerto Rican singer, dancer, and actor released not one but three complementary projects to kick off the year. There's her "This Is Me . . . Now" album; a video companion/musical to said album, "This Is Me . . . Now: A Love Story"; and a documentary that dives into said love story, "The Greatest Love Story Never Told." It was an ambitious undertaking, no doubt. And one that has her being dragged across TikTok, Instagram, and X (formerly Twitter). Part of the controversy lies in how Lopez represents herself and her native borough of the Bronx. In one scene from the documentary, Lopez tussles her curly hair while looking in the mirror and says, "It reminds me, like, when I was 16 in the Bronx, running up and down the block. Crazy little girl who used to fucking be wild and no limits,... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/3/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com How I Got to Talk About Latine Representation in Hollywood on the TEDx Stage Since I was a young kid, I wanted to be a writer. I spent my summers reading, lying on my bedroom floor with my glasses slipping down my nose. But despite my fascination with storytelling, pursuing a career in writing never seemed realistic. Instead, I majored in English and embarked on a somewhat related career in cause-based communications and marketing. At those jobs, I met a lot of women who were creating art that was meaningful to them and their communities. They weren't household names, but they showed me that I'd been wrong. They proved to me that writers who look like me or grew up with similar experiences deserve a shot at getting our stories out there. At the same time, I decided to finally go for it and pursue a career as a professional writer. I couldn't help but note the number of organizations that were embracing Latina storytelling. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/3/2024 by Cristina Escobar Popsugar.com "Gordita Chronicles" Finally Gets a Second Life on Tubi, Hulu and Disney+ According to new McKinsey & Company research, there are over 62 million Latinos living in the United States who not only account for more than $3 trillion of Gdp but are also avid consumers of film and TV. US Latinos account for 24 percent of box office ticket sales and 24 percent of streaming subscribers. Yet somehow, there still aren't enough Latines behind and in front of the camera even though our viewership doubles when we see ourselves represented on or off screen. Today, we still don't have enough TV programming that accurately represents us - and the few shows that have been created for us and by us, like "Vida," "One Day at a Time," "Promised Land," and "Gentefied," were eventually all canceled despite their popularity. Among these many cancellations was Dominican American creator Claudia Forestieri's beloved "Gordita Chronicles," which was released in June 2022 on HBO Max and was canceled after just one season. See full article at Popsugar.com 4/2/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Shakira Thinks the "Barbie" Movie Is Emasculating - Here's How She Missed the Point There's no arguing that Shakira is a feminist icon. Entering the year on the heels of a very public split from her long-term partner and the father of her two sons, Gerard Piqué, she managed to take a painful experience and turn it into a shared triumph. Her latest studio album, "Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran," is a testament to independence and the strength that comes with it. It's a sentiment that many, especially women, will be able to relate to. In her recent Allure cover interview published on April 1, Shakira delves into what that strength looks like and what it means to be a woman healing today. But one thing that stood out from the interview was the singer's controversial take on another feminist pop culture pillar: the "Barbie" movie. Shakira shares her sons "absolutely hated" the film because they "felt it was emasculating." "I like pop culture when... See full article at Popsugar.com 4/2/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Emira D'Spain Wants Every Trans Kid to "Give Yourself Grace" You might recognize Emira D'Spain for her Grwm-style beauty videos, or you might know that she was the first ever Black trans Victoria's Secret model. On TikTok, she shares different aspects of her trans identity with her million-plus followers, and ahead of Trans Day of Visibility on March 31, she spoke to Ps about her own journey, gender euphoria, and more. Read it all, in her own words, below. When did I first experience gender euphoria? My parents are so accepting of me, so that's, for me, truly when I always have the most gender euphoria. Just being around my family. And knowing that that's not an experience that a lot of LGBTQ kids and adults get to experience, that's something that I become more and more grateful for the more people I meet in the community. It's something that I hold very close to my heart. Lady Gaga is not queer,... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/29/2024 by Emira D'Spain Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Alex Ferreira Talks Fatherhood, New Music, and the Importance of Making Music With Passion In our Q&a /feature series Tell Me Más, we ask some of our favorite Latine artists to share some inside info about their lives and habits, revealing everything from their most recent read to the songs that get them hyped. This month, we trekked out to Joe's Pub in the historic East Village to see Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Alex Ferreira take the stage and chatted with him about his latest project, fatherhood, and how he's balancing the two. Alex Ferreira's dressing room at Joe's Pub is small and sparse, without much in the way of personal belongings or even instruments. There's a guitar case to one side, a knapsack nearby on a leather chair, and the singer himself sitting sideways in front of the lighted vanity - his trademark curls falling in front of his face. It's a stripped environment, a fitting one given that later in the evening Ferreira... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/26/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Shakira's New Album "Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran" Turns Tears Into Diamonds When life gives you lemons, you have to make lemonade - and that's exactly what Shakira did after heartbreak. When the Colombian pop star learned in 2022 that Gerard Piqué, her partner of 11 years and the father of her two sons, was cheating on her, I'm sure it felt as if her life was falling apart. But when she couldn't bear the pain and the betrayal, she did what most musicians do - she turned it into art. The first song Shakira released that was directly related to the breakup was 2022's "Te Felicito" with Puerto Rican Latin trap artist Rauw Alejandro. The song not only marked Shakira's comeback, it was also the first in a string of singles that would display her healing journey to the world and eventually become part of her latest highly anticipated album, "Las Mujeres Ya no Lloran," which was released on March 22. Related: America Ferrera Didn’t Win an Oscar,... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/22/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Black Women in Country Are Grateful Beyoncé Is Entering the Genre Tanner Adell fell in love with country music young. She grew up splitting her time between Los Angeles and Star Valley, Wy, which created a stark contrast - but it was the country lifestyle, and specifically the music, that held her heart. Adell remembers falling in love with Keith Urban when he released "Somebody Like You." And every summer, when she and her mom would set out to drive back to LA from Star Valley, she'd sit in the back of the car and "just silently cry my eyes out as we'd start on this road trip back to California," she remembers. These days, Adell is a rising country music star. And ever since Beyoncé released "Texas Hold 'Em" and "16 Carriages" on Super Bowl Sunday and announced her forthcoming country album, the spotlight has been on Black women country artists like her. A lot of that attention has been positive... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/19/2024 by Lena Felton Popsugar.com Don Omar's "Back to Reggaeton" US Tour Shows How Far the Genre Has Come As reggaetón continues to dominate the music charts, the genre's legends, including Daddy Yankee, Tego Calderón, Ivy Queen, and Don Omar remain more relevant than ever for their roles in shaping a movement that originated in Puerto Rico and eventually went global. But Don Omar's comeback has been a long-awaited one. The leyenda known for his early 2000s hits like "Dale Don," "Sácala," and "Salió el Sol," has officially returned to the scene with his "Back to Reggateon" US Tour, produced by Cmn. The tour not only marks his highly anticipated return to the stage but also beautifully celebrates his two-decade-long career and its impactful contributions to the genre. Related: America Ferrera Didn’t Win an Oscar, but Her Monologue Will Live on For Latinas On Saturday, March 9, Don Omar took to the Barclays Center stage to perform a sold-out show that left the audience filled with joy and nostalgia. See full article at Popsugar.com 3/14/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com America Ferrera Didn’t Win an Oscar, but Her Monologue Will Live on For Latinas There's a reason why we're still talking about America Ferrera's "Barbie" monologue months after the blockbuster was released. While presenting the Best Supporting Actress award during the 2024 Oscars, Rita Moreno gave an emotional speech about Ferrera, who was nominated for her role of Gloria in the pink-filled film. While Ferrera didn't wind up taking home an Oscar - the award instead went to Da'Vine Joy Randolph for her role in "The Holdovers" - Moreno's speech left folks in the audience trying to understand why. "America. Your powerful Barbie monologue is perhaps the most talked-about moment in the most talked-about movie of the past year," Moreno said. "Your words and the passion with which you delivered them about the most impossible standards females must try to live up to galvanized not only women but everyone with a pulse." Even the way Moreno pronounced "America," with a Spanish accent and... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/11/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Rep. Pramila Jayapal's Journey Is "Every Immigrant's Story" Rep. Pramila Jayapal, of Washington state, is known for being an outspoken advocate of social justice, reproductive freedoms, and immigrants' rights. Ahead of International Women's Day, we wanted to hear more about her own immigration story and her message to young voters in a crucial election year. Read it all, in her own words, below. It was a dream of my parents to give me the opportunity of education in the United States and everything that would provide, so they really made that ultimate sacrifice. I don't know if any of us really understood what a sacrifice it would be, because I would never end up living on the same continent as them again. Now, decades later, I understand what that meant, and I'm very, very grateful. I think it's part of what drove me as a teenager - I was only 16, I was here by myself and in a brand-new country,... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/8/2024 by Rep. Pramila Jayapal Popsugar.com "Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó" Filmmaker Sean Wang and His Grandmas on the Joys of Unlikely Friendships Image Source: Getty / Alberto E. Rodriguez Where I'm From: Now and Gen features in-conversation pieces between generations - like a younger woman and her grandmother - discussing a topic like beauty rituals, finances, or marriage. We sat down with filmmaker Sean Wang and his grandmothers, Yi Yan Fuei and Chang Li Hua, the subjects of Wang's Oscar-nominated documentary short, "Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó." Read their heartwarming chat about friendship below. In 2021, in the wake of increased anti-Asian violence and the ongoing pandemic, filmmaker Sean Wang moved back home to San Francisco. There, he started observing - then filming - Nǎi Nai and Wài Pó, his 94-year-old paternal grandmother and 83-year-old maternal grandmother, respectively, who happen to be inseparable friends and roommates. As he captured the mundane moments and joys of their daily lives, he created "Nǎi Nai & Wài Pó," an Oscar-nominated documentary short that recently landed on Disney+. "As... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/6/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com "The Morning Show"'s Karen Pittman Would Love to Just Act, but the System Is Broken Image Source: Getty / Emma McIntyre In season three of "The Morning Show," a race scandal rocks Uba, the broadcast network that serves as the show's backdrop. The storyline sees Karen Pittman's Mia and Greta Lee's Stella strikingly depict the realities of women of color in largely white, corporate spaces like network television. "That's me and Greta actually, in a real way," Pittman tells Popsugar after speaking at the 2024 Makers Conference on Feb. 28. Through characters like Mia and Nya on "And Just Like That...," Pittman brings incredible nuance to her portrayal of strong Black women who navigate their race in their respective environments, which she opened up about in conversation with "Succession" actor J. Smith-Cameron. The two spoke at the three-day summit hosted by Makers, a community-focused media brand owned by Yahoo that's focused on accelerating equity for women in the workplace. "I pride myself on having characters that... See full article at Popsugar.com 3/1/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com The Real Stars of "Love Is Blind": Those Gold Wine Glasses Image Source: Netflix There are numerous standout stars on the newest season of "Love Is Blind" - Megan Fox (Chelsea Blackwell), Ad's mother, Kenneth's phone, and the EpiPen, to name a few - but no star shines quite as bright as the famed gold cups. You know the ones we're talking about: those metallic-tinged wine glasses that pop up in nearly every frame of the Netflix dating series. As omnipresent as the drama, the shiny goblets, of both the stemmed and stemless variety, aren't just sipped by contestants in the pods; they also score a ticket to the all-inclusive honeymoon resort in the Dominican Republic and make appearances, well, pretty much everywhere. Viewers can see them at the group pool party in North Carolina, the wedding-dress shop, every family's house, and every contestant's apartment. We'll put it this way: if "take a shot every time you see a gold cup... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/28/2024 by Victoria Messina Popsugar.com The Undeniable Influence of Black Latine Artists on Latin Music Black. It is the color that absorbs all colors, the shade that holds the sun's warmth as it moves east to west. It is the color of a people, not just African but Caribbean, Middle Eastern, American, and more. But it is also music: the color at the center of the trumpet's brass ring, the shadow that fills the club when the lights get low and the party begins. Over the decades, Latin music has built a reputation for being wildly popular, no doubt in part due to its danceable nature. But what often gets lost in the conversation is the contribution that Black Latines had in cultivating the sound that, today, many of us regard as uniquely "Latin." As a kid, I was guilty of just that. It wasn't until years later that I came to understand the importance of claiming my Afro-Puerto Rican heritage and how it shaped... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/27/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com How Laufey's Chinese Icelandic Upbringing Shaped Her Unique Jazz Sound Laufey has always felt "undefined." Whether it was her unique, modern jazz sound or her identity as a Chinese Icelandic artist, the 24-year-old singer-songwriter and producer tells Popsugar she "always felt like an anomaly and a bit of an outsider in my communities." "Being a bit different became my status quo." The artist, who recently took home her first Grammy for best traditional pop vocal album, has taken the music world - and TikTok - by storm. Since going viral on the platform in early 2022, she's released two albums, the second of which earned her the accolade. "Being a bit different became my status quo. I took my experience of being undefined into the music industry," she says. Laufey's background growing up with Chinese and Icelandic parents in Iceland and later living in the US was pivotal to building her sound and, eventually, her career in music. "I had such... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/26/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com Jennifer Lopez's New Doc Is Less About Ben Affleck and More About Self-Love If you had a hard time understanding Jennifer Lopez's recent music video project "This Is Me... Now: A Love Story," her documentary "The Greatest Love Story Never Told" might answer some of your questions. In the doc, Lopez shares that the inspiration behind both "This Is Me... Now: A Love Story" and her ninth studio album, "This Is Me... Now" (both of which released on Feb. 16), was to finally set the record straight about her love life. "I've been married four times now. I'm sure people watching from the outside were like, 'What is this girl's fucking problem?' You saw kind of a compulsive behavior," Lopez says in the documentary's introduction. "What I portrayed to the world was, 'Oh this didn't work out and it's fine and I'm good and they're good.' And all of that was kind of bullshit." The documentary goes behind the scenes in... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/26/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Grammy-Winning Goyo's Rise to Fame Has Been a Win For Afro-Latine Artists In our Q&a /feature series Tell Me Más, we ask some of our favorite Latine artists to share some inside info about their lives and habits, revealing everything from their most recent read to the songs that get them hyped. This month, Grammy-winning artist Goyo, a member of legendary group ChocQuibTown, drops in to talk about her latest turn as a solo act, Afro-Latine representation, and what she's got in store for us in 2024. As reggaetón, afrobeats, and trap become global, their distinct sounds and formulas become more cemented. However, rapper and singer Goyo has always defied the confines of a single genre. As a member of the award-winning group ChocQuibTown, the sound that she helped craft along with her brother Miguel "Slow" Martinez and Carlos "Tostao" Valencia, combined elements of traditional African percussion, Colombian folk, hip-hop, dancehall, and reggaetón. Now, as she continues her musical journey, this time as a solo artist,... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/23/2024 by Miguel Machado Popsugar.com Prince Royce Talks Life After Divorce and How It Inspired His New Album, "Llamada Perdida" "I get way more scared and embarrassed having to talk about my personal life in interviews than saying it in a song," Prince Royce admits during an interview in Los Angeles for his new album, "Llamada Perdida," which dropped Friday. With a decade-plus career that has generally been free of controversy, the Dominican American bachata artist and pop star is wearing his heart on his sleeve in his first LP since a very public divorce. Prince Royce says he has found healing through music while re-prioritizing himself and pushing the bachata genre to new places. "Right now, I feel like I'm in a good place," he tells Popsugar. "Everybody has problems. It's just how you deal with them, and I think it's all part of growth. That's how I took in this experience in my personal life that happened in the last two years." Royce is referring to his split... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/19/2024 by Lucas Villa Popsugar.com Gabriela Berlingeri Is Focused on Self-Love - and Her Jewelry Line Celebrates That Even for those who seek to be the center of attention, the spotlight often comes with a heavy price. In a world where gossip rules much of the mediasphere, even non-celebrities can end up caught up in the maelstrom of intense public attention. Especially if they're closely associated with someone famous and recognizable. Gabriela Berlingeri experienced that, and to a degree very few can relate to, during the time she dated one of the most famous people on the planet - Bad Bunny. The story of how Berlingeri and the Latin trap artist had a chance meeting and started up a relationship back in 2017 has become part of his lore. The two were together for several years and even collaborated on a handful of songs. She was even shouted out in "Acho PR," a single off his latest album "Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana." The details of... See full article at Popsugar.com 2/12/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Finally, the Grammys Proved Women of All Ages Can Shine 2023 was all about the joy of girlhood, so it's no surprise the biggest musical hits of the year were also for women and by women. Ahead of the 2024 Grammy Awards, women dominated nominations across categories. But the Feb. 4 ceremony celebrated not only women nominees, but also winners, performers, and presenters - at every age. From longtime legends to rising artists, women celebrated each other unabashedly in an industry that tends to emphasize youth and often pits women against each other. For the first time in years, an award show seemed to hit the mark on entertaining audiences across generations, striking the perfect chord between embracing nostalgia and highlighting newer talent. Women nominees were up for every major category, and ultimately snagged the big wins, too. Phoebe Bridgers took home the most trophies with four wins, making her a first-time Grammy winner alongside Victoria Monét, Miley Cyrus, Karol G, and Lainey Wilson. See full article at Popsugar.com 2/5/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Neysa Blay’s Sobriety Journey Has Transformed Her as a Music Artist When indie rock musician Neysa Blay sat down to start writing songs for her new album, "Nada es Suficiente," she found herself in an unusual predicament. She'd been sober for nearly a decade at that point, putting considerable distance between her turbulent past and the more placid present. "I'm really good at writing when there's chaos and noise in my head, and when things are kind of bumpy," she says. But now she'd overcome so many of her inner demons. "How do I learn how to write from a good place?" The LP, which drops in May, bridges the gap between her innate rebellious spirit and the more conscientious Blay that has emerged over the past few years. Previous singles, such as the softer "Te Gusta/Me Gusta" and no-nonsense "Quise Que Fueras Tú," toggle between vulnerable and headstrong; she might be rough, but her heart is undoubtedly open. Her newest track,... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/30/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Black Women Are Giving Themselves the Flowers They Deserve This Awards Season Black women are consistently underestimated, disregarded, and overlooked in the entertainment industry, but I've been so inspired by Black stars' joy and self-love this awards season. From Quinta Brunson to Niecy Nash, our favorite actresses have already celebrated their well-deserved flowers - and I'll be watching the upcoming Grammys to see if that trend continues. If you've missed all the bright points of this awards season, let me remind you of what's happened so far. During the Golden Globes on Jan. 7, we saw Ayo Edebiri take home her first major award as this year's best female actor in a television series for her work in "The Bear." Her acceptance speech made its way around social media for her relatable delivery - but mainly for her acknowledgment of her agents' and managers' assistants. Despite this being a momentous occasion in her career, she took the time to humbly thank and uplift... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/30/2024 by Daria Yazmiene Popsugar.com How Arcángel Is Grieving His Brother's Loss and Transforming Through the Process Eighteen years ago, before his debut on the 2005 compilation album "Sangre Nueva," not many were familiar with Puerto Rican reggaetón artist Arcángel. In the early days of his music career, Arcángel would sing on mixtapes for his friends and for locals in the rough San Juan neighborhoods of Villa Palmeras and La Perla, where he grew up. But these days, he has millions of listeners tuning in to his music, making him one of the biggest stars of the genre. As Arcángel sits down for our virtual interview, his usual sunglasses are off. He looks straight at the webcam - not the screen - as if having a face-to-face conversation. There's a startling amount of empathy in his eyes, which is both surprising and not when you consider his tumultuous early years, marked by hustling on the streets and finding ways to get by. People tend to associate that kind of life with cynical personalities,... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/24/2024 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Ivy Queen Is Manifesting 2024 to Be Her Year The legendary Ivy Queen - often referred to as the Queen of Reggaetón or La Caballota - once said in an interview, "In the life of every woman, there's a point when you blossom and when you flourish." And for Ivy Queen, after decades of cementing her place as a pioneer of the genre, that time is now. Born Martha Ivelisse Pesante Rodríguez, Ivy Queen first became recognized in the reggaetón scene back in the '90s, when the genre was still considered underground. She was the first female member of the all-male rap collective formed at the studios of The Noise, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. And her first live performance - where she rapped "Somos Raperos Pero no Delincuentes" ("We Are Rappers Not Delinquents"), wearing what would then become her signature style of oversized jeans, a T-shirt, braids, and long acrylic nails - launched her on a legendary career. See full article at Popsugar.com 1/18/2024 by Johanna Ferreira Popsugar.com The New "Mean Girls" Cast Looks Different Than the Original - and That's the Point The very first shot of the 2024 musical reimagining of "Mean Girls" is a vertical frame. Two characters, Janis (played by Auli'i Cravalho) and Damian (Jaquel Spivey), film themselves singing a song that sets the stage for the story to follow. They're troubadours for the TikTok set - and this is a "Mean Girls" for a new generation. The Cady Heron, Regina George, and Aaron Samuels of the original film, released in 2004, had never seen an iPhone - those wouldn't debut for another three years. "Instagram," "Twitter," and "Snapchat" would have sounded like gibberish. Karen was just a name, and Donald Trump was just a business mogul. Twenty years later . . . well, things are different. We've seen not just a technological revolution, but a cultural one. More Americans have become more aware of how rampant racism and discrimination - from microaggressions to hate crimes - are in this country. And while we... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/11/2024 by Abbey Stone Popsugar.com "The Brothers Sun" Star Sam Song Li Shares Why His Breakout Role Is Deeply Personal Image Source: Ziyang Wang When Sam Song Li came across the role of Bruce on "The Brothers Sun," he felt like the character was written uniquely for him. In Netflix's new action-packed drama series, Bruce's life is upended when his older brother, Charles (Justin Chien), who turns out to be a Taiwanese gangster, comes to LA to protect their mom, Eileen (Michelle Yeoh). When Li first read the script, he quickly learned he shared a number of "shockingly close" similarities with his onscreen counterpart. Like Bruce, the 27-year-old actor and content creator was raised by a single mom in the San Gabriel Valley, CA, a predominantly Asian American community where the series partially takes place. Similarly, he also dreamed of being an actor and improv comedian, despite his mom's hopes that he'd become a doctor. "I feel like that especially is just really relatable for a lot of Asian Americans,... See full article at Popsugar.com 1/9/2024 by Yerin Kim Popsugar.com There's a Sinister Truth to the Stereotypes of Asian Men Depicted in "May December" The Netflix movie "May December" is heavily inspired by the real-life relationship between Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau, which is probably why its depiction of stereotypes of Asian men feels so close to reality, too. The morally problematic tale takes viewers on a complex journey with troubling racial implications, particularly as they relate to weaponized whiteness and the depiction of Asian masculinity as subservient and childlike. This highly publicized case, as well as its fictionalized version depicted in "May December," raises a central question: how did the fact that she's a white woman impact not only her ability to groom him - an Asian American boy - but also the public's reaction to the story? This feeds into the harmful stereotype that Asian men are complacent and obedient. In "May December," Julianne Moore plays Gracie, the fictionalized version of Letourneau, who began sexually abusing Fualauu when he was her sixth-grade student. See full article at Popsugar.com 12/18/2023 by Michael Kwan Popsugar.com Tell Me Más: Lúconde Fuses Theater and Urbano in Her Debut Album Many popular musicians have created fictional alter egos as a way to explore new sonic avenues that they wish to experiment with. David Bowie had Ziggy Stardust and Aladdin Sane, David Johansen had Buster Poindexter, Lady Gaga spent a whole season as Jo Calderone, and the less said about Garth Brooks's Chris Gaines era the better, but it certainly happened. For them, it's a kind of performance art - an expression of their interest in stepping out of their comfort zone and giving the endeavor a theatrical flair as well. The debate about whether these could be considered merely publicity stunts is valid, but for some artists, there's a true creative desire to inhabit these personas. For Adriana Rivera, a Puerto Rican singer-songwriter, it's a culmination of her dream to merge two artistic outputs that have long fascinated and inspired her: music and acting. From this desire and its manifestation,... See full article at Popsugar.com 11/30/2023 by Juan Arroyo Popsugar.com Indigenous Activist Michelle Chubb on What We All Lose When History Centers White Voices Michelle Chubb, also known as Indigenous Baddie on social media, is a model, activist, and public speaker who brings mainstream media's attention to the beauty of and challenges facing Indigenous communities. Chubb is a Swampy Cree member of Bunibonibee Cree Nation, and ahead of Thanksgiving, she shared how many Indigenous communities approach the holiday. "A lot of us don't respect it as an event to celebrate because of the history," she said, referencing the fact that the narrative of the 1621 Thanksgiving feast has long been dominated by white voices and leaves out the fact that cooperation between European colonists and Indigenous communities was short-lived, giving way to violence and massacres of Indigenous tribes in the years that followed. Chubb also shared what it was like to grow up Indigenous, how we can all be more respectful of Indigenous communities, and more. Read it all, in her own words, below. I grew up in the city,... See full article at Popsugar.com 11/22/2023 by Michelle Chubb Popsugar.com 50 more IMDb.com, Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles, Tweets, or blog posts. This content is published for the entertainment of our users only. The news articles, Tweets, and blog posts do not represent IMDb's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual. Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy. More to explore Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545387393/?ref_=hm_edcft_targ_corman_rated_7_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list Top 10 Roger Corman Movies by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 day ago | updated - 1 day ago | Public Roger Corman was known as the "King of the Bs," and his filmography is full of cult classics. Here are the 10 highest-rated movies he directed, according to IMDb fans.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Horror (8) Drama (5) Comedy (3) Crime (2) Mystery (2) Thriller (2) Fantasy (1) History (1) Sci-Fi (1) Feature Film (10) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » Psychotronic Film (9) Cult Film (7) Corman And Price (6) Independent Film (6) Death (5) Gothic Horror (5) Murder (5) Castle (4) Husband Wife Relationship (4) Dungeon (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Fire (3) Ghost (3) Villain As Protagonist (3) Wine (3) 1500s (2) 19th Century (2) Altar (2) B Movie (2) Based On Poem (2) Based On Short Story (2) Body Hidden Behind A Wall (2) Brother Sister Relationship (2) Buried Alive (2) Burned Alive (2) Candle (2) Car (2) Chandelier (2) Coffin (2) Cold Weather (2) Corman And Nicnholson (2) Corpse (2) Costume Horror (2) Cult Director (2) Curse (2) Doctor (2) Drugged Drink (2) Experiment (2) Fainting (2) Father Son Relationship (2) Fireplace (2) Fog (2) Gothic Mansion (2) Gun (2) Haunted By The Past (2) Horse And Carriage (2) House (2) Infidelity (2) Insanity (2) Lightning (2) Lynch Mob (2) Mad Scientist (2) Mansion (2) Marriage (2) Massacre (2) Men In Tights (2) Mistress (2) Mob (2) Mutation (2) Painting (2) Party (2) Physician (2) Pistol (2) Price And Lorre (2) Revenge (2) Secret Door (2) Setting Someone On Fire (2) Snake (2) Sorcerer (2) Spider (2) Spiderweb (2) Storm (2) Superstition (2) Tarantula (2) Top Hat (2) Village (2) 16th Century (1) 1920s (1) 1930s (1) 20th Century (1) 27 Year Old (1) Abandoned House (1) Abbreviation In Title (1) Accidental Death (1) Accidental Killing (1) Accused Of Rape (1) Adulteress (1) Adulterous Wife (1) Adultery (1) Al Capone Character (1) Alcoholic (1) Alcoholic Drink (1) Alcoholism (1) Ambiguous Ending (1) Ambush (1) Amontillado (1) Amusement Park (1) Ancestor (1) Angry Mob (1) Animal Attack (1) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 10 titles 1. The Intruder (1962) PG-13 | 84 min | Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A charismatic "social reformer" rallies the white populace of a Southern town to oppose school integration, but he soon finds himself in a situation that he cannot control. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: William Shatner, Frank Maxwell, Beverly Lunsford, Robert Emhardt Votes: 3,925 2. Pit and the Pendulum (1961) 80 min | Drama, Horror, Mystery 7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 78 Metascore In the sixteenth century, Francis Barnard travels to Spain to clarify the strange circumstances of his sister's death after she had married the son of a cruel Spanish Inquisitor. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Barbara Steele, John Kerr, Luana Anders Votes: 16,431 | Gross: $4.36M 3. The Fall of the House of Usher (1960) 79 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 75 Metascore Upon entering his fiancée's family mansion, a man discovers a savage family curse and fears that his future brother-in-law has entombed his bride-to-be prematurely. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Mark Damon, Myrna Fahey, Harry Ellerbe Votes: 15,480 | Gross: $3.16M 4. The Masque of the Red Death (1964) 89 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 77 Metascore A European prince terrorizes the local peasantry while using his castle as a refuge against the "Red Death" plague that stalks the land. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Hazel Court, Jane Asher, David Weston Votes: 16,273 5. Tales of Terror (1962) 89 min | Comedy, Horror, Mystery 6.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 68 Metascore Three tales of terror involve a grieving widower and the daughter he abandoned; a drunkard and his wife's black cat; and a hypnotist who prolongs the moment of a man's death. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Maggie Pierce, Leona Gage, Peter Lorre Votes: 8,395 6. A Bucket of Blood (1959) 66 min | Comedy, Crime, Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dimwitted busboy at a beatnik cafe passes off a cat he accidentally killed and covered in plaster as a sculpture, prompting a demand for more art that compels him to commit murders. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Dick Miller, Barboura Morris, Antony Carbone, Julian Burton Votes: 7,926 7. The Haunted Palace (1963) 87 min | Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Charles Dexter Ward arrives at a small village to visit the house he inherited from his ancestor who died there 100 years ago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Debra Paget, Lon Chaney Jr., Frank Maxwell Votes: 8,484 | Gross: $2.62M 8. X (1963) 79 min | Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A Roger Corman tale of Dr. James Xavier's devastating experiments on himself and the unforeseen. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Ray Milland, Diana Van der Vlis, Harold J. Stone, John Hoyt Votes: 8,189 9. The St. Valentine's Day Massacre (1967) NC-16 | 100 min | Crime, Drama, History 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Al Capone's Valentine's Day surprise for the rival Bugs Moran gang in 1929 Chicago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Jason Robards, George Segal, Ralph Meeker, Jean Hale Votes: 4,774 10. The Raven (1963) 86 min | Comedy, Fantasy, Horror 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A magician, who has been turned into a raven, turns to a former sorcerer for help. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Boris Karloff, Hazel Court Votes: 13,578 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 353 | in last week 353 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545387393/?ref_=hm_edcft_c_targ_corman_rated_7_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list Top 10 Roger Corman Movies by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 day ago | updated - 1 day ago | Public Roger Corman was known as the "King of the Bs," and his filmography is full of cult classics. Here are the 10 highest-rated movies he directed, according to IMDb fans.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Horror (8) Drama (5) Comedy (3) Crime (2) Mystery (2) Thriller (2) Fantasy (1) History (1) Sci-Fi (1) Feature Film (10) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » Psychotronic Film (9) Cult Film (7) Corman And Price (6) Independent Film (6) Death (5) Gothic Horror (5) Murder (5) Castle (4) Husband Wife Relationship (4) Dungeon (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Fire (3) Ghost (3) Villain As Protagonist (3) Wine (3) 1500s (2) 19th Century (2) Altar (2) B Movie (2) Based On Poem (2) Based On Short Story (2) Body Hidden Behind A Wall (2) Brother Sister Relationship (2) Buried Alive (2) Burned Alive (2) Candle (2) Car (2) Chandelier (2) Coffin (2) Cold Weather (2) Corman And Nicnholson (2) Corpse (2) Costume Horror (2) Cult Director (2) Curse (2) Doctor (2) Drugged Drink (2) Experiment (2) Fainting (2) Father Son Relationship (2) Fireplace (2) Fog (2) Gothic Mansion (2) Gun (2) Haunted By The Past (2) Horse And Carriage (2) House (2) Infidelity (2) Insanity (2) Lightning (2) Lynch Mob (2) Mad Scientist (2) Mansion (2) Marriage (2) Massacre (2) Men In Tights (2) Mistress (2) Mob (2) Mutation (2) Painting (2) Party (2) Physician (2) Pistol (2) Price And Lorre (2) Revenge (2) Secret Door (2) Setting Someone On Fire (2) Snake (2) Sorcerer (2) Spider (2) Spiderweb (2) Storm (2) Superstition (2) Tarantula (2) Top Hat (2) Village (2) 16th Century (1) 1920s (1) 1930s (1) 20th Century (1) 27 Year Old (1) Abandoned House (1) Abbreviation In Title (1) Accidental Death (1) Accidental Killing (1) Accused Of Rape (1) Adulteress (1) Adulterous Wife (1) Adultery (1) Al Capone Character (1) Alcoholic (1) Alcoholic Drink (1) Alcoholism (1) Ambiguous Ending (1) Ambush (1) Amontillado (1) Amusement Park (1) Ancestor (1) Angry Mob (1) Animal Attack (1) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 10 titles 1. The Intruder (1962) PG-13 | 84 min | Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A charismatic "social reformer" rallies the white populace of a Southern town to oppose school integration, but he soon finds himself in a situation that he cannot control. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: William Shatner, Frank Maxwell, Beverly Lunsford, Robert Emhardt Votes: 3,925 2. Pit and the Pendulum (1961) 80 min | Drama, Horror, Mystery 7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 78 Metascore In the sixteenth century, Francis Barnard travels to Spain to clarify the strange circumstances of his sister's death after she had married the son of a cruel Spanish Inquisitor. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Barbara Steele, John Kerr, Luana Anders Votes: 16,431 | Gross: $4.36M 3. The Fall of the House of Usher (1960) 79 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 75 Metascore Upon entering his fiancée's family mansion, a man discovers a savage family curse and fears that his future brother-in-law has entombed his bride-to-be prematurely. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Mark Damon, Myrna Fahey, Harry Ellerbe Votes: 15,480 | Gross: $3.16M 4. The Masque of the Red Death (1964) 89 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 77 Metascore A European prince terrorizes the local peasantry while using his castle as a refuge against the "Red Death" plague that stalks the land. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Hazel Court, Jane Asher, David Weston Votes: 16,273 5. Tales of Terror (1962) 89 min | Comedy, Horror, Mystery 6.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 68 Metascore Three tales of terror involve a grieving widower and the daughter he abandoned; a drunkard and his wife's black cat; and a hypnotist who prolongs the moment of a man's death. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Maggie Pierce, Leona Gage, Peter Lorre Votes: 8,395 6. A Bucket of Blood (1959) 66 min | Comedy, Crime, Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dimwitted busboy at a beatnik cafe passes off a cat he accidentally killed and covered in plaster as a sculpture, prompting a demand for more art that compels him to commit murders. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Dick Miller, Barboura Morris, Antony Carbone, Julian Burton Votes: 7,926 7. The Haunted Palace (1963) 87 min | Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Charles Dexter Ward arrives at a small village to visit the house he inherited from his ancestor who died there 100 years ago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Debra Paget, Lon Chaney Jr., Frank Maxwell Votes: 8,484 | Gross: $2.62M 8. X (1963) 79 min | Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A Roger Corman tale of Dr. James Xavier's devastating experiments on himself and the unforeseen. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Ray Milland, Diana Van der Vlis, Harold J. Stone, John Hoyt Votes: 8,189 9. The St. Valentine's Day Massacre (1967) NC-16 | 100 min | Crime, Drama, History 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Al Capone's Valentine's Day surprise for the rival Bugs Moran gang in 1929 Chicago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Jason Robards, George Segal, Ralph Meeker, Jean Hale Votes: 4,774 10. The Raven (1963) 86 min | Comedy, Fantasy, Horror 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A magician, who has been turned into a raven, turns to a former sorcerer for help. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Boris Karloff, Hazel Court Votes: 13,578 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 353 | in last week 353 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_13_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Export Copy What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors • Created 1 week ago • Modified 1 week ago From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist. List activity 42K views • 26K this week Create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. 28 titles Sort byList order List orderAlphabeticalIMDb ratingPopularityNumber of ratingsRelease dateRuntimeDate added 1. Under the Bridge 20248 epsTV-MA 7.3 (2.1K) RateTV Mini Series Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder.CreatorQuinn ShephardStarsLily GladstoneVritika GuptaChloe Guidry 2. Search Party 2016–202250 epsTV-MA 7.6 (14K) RateTV Series Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears.CreatorSarah-Violet BlissCharles RogersMichael ShowalterStarsAlia ShawkatJohn ReynoldsJohn Early 3. Under the Silver Lake 20182h 19mR 6.5 (52K) Rate60Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre.DirectorDavid Robert MitchellStarsAndrew GarfieldRiley KeoughTopher Grace 4. I Hate Suzie 2020– 11 epsTV-MA 6.9 (4.1K) RateTV Series A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges.CreatorLucy PrebbleBillie PiperStarsBillie PiperLeila FarzadDaniel Ings 5. Swarm 20237 epsR21 7.1 (15K) RateTV Series A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn.CreatorDonald GloverJanine NabersStarsDominique FishbackChloe BaileyNirine S. Brown 6. I May Destroy You 202012 epsR21 8.1 (26K) RateTV Series The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation.CreatorMichaela CoelStarsMichaela CoelWeruche OpiaPaapa Essiedu 7. The Dropout 20228 epsNC16 7.5 (36K) RateTV Mini Series TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company.CreatorElizabeth MeriwetherStarsAmanda SeyfriedNaveen AndrewsMichel Gill 8. The Girl from Plainville 20228 epsTV-MA 6.4 (8.3K) RateTV Mini Series Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter.CreatorLiz HannahPatrick MacmanusStarsElle FanningChloë SevignyCara Buono 9. Under the Banner of Heaven 20227 epsM18 7.5 (35K) RateTV Mini Series A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government.CreatorDustin Lance BlackStarsAndrew GarfieldSam WorthingtonDaisy Edgar-Jones 10. Mindhunter 2017–201919 epsM18 8.6 (337K) RateTV Series In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters.CreatorJoe PenhallStarsJonathan GroffHolt McCallanyAnna Torv 11. Unbelievable 20198 epsR21 8.3 (120K) RateTV Mini Series A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth.CreatorSusannah GrantMichael ChabonAyelet WaldmanStarsKaitlyn DeverToni ColletteMerritt Wever 12. Dopesick 20218 epsM18 8.6 (78K) RateTV Mini Series The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA.CreatorDanny StrongStarsMichael KeatonPeter SarsgaardMichael Stuhlbarg 13. American Crime Story 2016– 30 epsNC16 8.4 (99K) RateTV Series An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals.CreatorScott AlexanderLarry KaraszewskiSarah BurgessStarsSarah PaulsonAnnaleigh AshfordSterling K. Brown 14. When They See Us 20194 epsR21 8.8 (138K) RateTV Mini Series Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story.CreatorAva DuVernayStarsAsante BlackkCaleel HarrisEthan Herisse 15. The Act 20198 epsTV-MA 7.9 (38K) RateTV Mini Series Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder.CreatorNick AntoscaMichelle DeanStarsPatricia ArquetteJoey KingAnnaSophia Robb 16. Ingrid Goes West 20171h 38mNC16 6.6 (48K) Rate71Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star.DirectorMatt SpicerStarsAubrey PlazaElizabeth OlsenO'Shea Jackson Jr. 17. Obsessed 20091h 48mPG 5.0 (34K) Rate25Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp.DirectorSteve ShillStarsBeyoncéIdris ElbaAli Larter 18. Killing Eve 2018–202232 epsM18 8.1 (136K) RateTV Series After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsJodie ComerSandra OhFiona Shaw 19. The OA 2016–201916 epsNC16 7.8 (116K) RateTV Series Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous.CreatorZal BatmanglijBrit MarlingStarsBrit MarlingJason IsaacsScott Wilson 20. Mare of Easttown 20217 epsM18 8.4 (188K) RateTV Mini Series A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart.CreatorBrad IngelsbyStarsKate WinsletJulianne NicholsonJean Smart 21. Sharp Objects 20188 epsR21 8.0 (119K) RateTV Mini Series After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too.CreatorMarti NoxonStarsAmy AdamsPatricia ClarksonChris Messina 22. True Detective 2014– 31 epsM18 8.9 (658K) RateTV Series Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law.CreatorNic PizzolattoIssa LópezStarsVince VaughnColin FarrellRachel McAdams 23. Ozark 2017–202244 epsR21 8.5 (348K) RateTV Series A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss.CreatorBill DubuqueMark WilliamsStarsJason BatemanLaura LinneySofia Hublitz 24. Black Mirror 2011– 33 epsR21 8.7 (642K) RateTV Series Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world.CreatorCharlie BrookerStarsWunmi MosakuMonica DolanDaniel Lapaine 25. Big Little Lies 2017–201914 epsM18 8.4 (225K) RateTV Series The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town.CreatorDavid E. KelleyStarsReese WitherspoonNicole KidmanShailene Woodley 26. You 2018–202441 epsM18 7.7 (301K) RateTV Series A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by.CreatorGreg BerlantiSera GambleStarsPenn BadgleyVictoria PedrettiTati Gabrielle 27. Fleabag 2016–201912 epsM18 8.7 (202K) RateTV Series Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeSian CliffordOlivia Colman 28. Crashing 20166 epsM18 7.6 (26K) RateTV Series A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeJonathan BaileyJulie Dray More to explore FeedbackTell us what you think about this feature.Report this list Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_c_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_13_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_13_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_4_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_4_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls025720609/videoplayer/vi820299289?ref_=hm_edcio_c_og_ideaofu_jkt_4_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_9_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Export Copy What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors • Created 1 week ago • Modified 1 week ago From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist. List activity 42K views • 26K this week Create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. 28 titles Sort byList order List orderAlphabeticalIMDb ratingPopularityNumber of ratingsRelease dateRuntimeDate added 1. Under the Bridge 20248 epsTV-MA 7.3 (2.1K) RateTV Mini Series Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder.CreatorQuinn ShephardStarsLily GladstoneVritika GuptaChloe Guidry 2. Search Party 2016–202250 epsTV-MA 7.6 (14K) RateTV Series Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears.CreatorSarah-Violet BlissCharles RogersMichael ShowalterStarsAlia ShawkatJohn ReynoldsJohn Early 3. Under the Silver Lake 20182h 19mR 6.5 (52K) Rate60Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre.DirectorDavid Robert MitchellStarsAndrew GarfieldRiley KeoughTopher Grace 4. I Hate Suzie 2020– 11 epsTV-MA 6.9 (4.1K) RateTV Series A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges.CreatorLucy PrebbleBillie PiperStarsBillie PiperLeila FarzadDaniel Ings 5. Swarm 20237 epsR21 7.1 (15K) RateTV Series A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn.CreatorDonald GloverJanine NabersStarsDominique FishbackChloe BaileyNirine S. Brown 6. I May Destroy You 202012 epsR21 8.1 (26K) RateTV Series The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation.CreatorMichaela CoelStarsMichaela CoelWeruche OpiaPaapa Essiedu 7. The Dropout 20228 epsNC16 7.5 (36K) RateTV Mini Series TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company.CreatorElizabeth MeriwetherStarsAmanda SeyfriedNaveen AndrewsMichel Gill 8. The Girl from Plainville 20228 epsTV-MA 6.4 (8.3K) RateTV Mini Series Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter.CreatorLiz HannahPatrick MacmanusStarsElle FanningChloë SevignyCara Buono 9. Under the Banner of Heaven 20227 epsM18 7.5 (35K) RateTV Mini Series A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government.CreatorDustin Lance BlackStarsAndrew GarfieldSam WorthingtonDaisy Edgar-Jones 10. Mindhunter 2017–201919 epsM18 8.6 (337K) RateTV Series In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters.CreatorJoe PenhallStarsJonathan GroffHolt McCallanyAnna Torv 11. Unbelievable 20198 epsR21 8.3 (120K) RateTV Mini Series A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth.CreatorSusannah GrantMichael ChabonAyelet WaldmanStarsKaitlyn DeverToni ColletteMerritt Wever 12. Dopesick 20218 epsM18 8.6 (78K) RateTV Mini Series The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA.CreatorDanny StrongStarsMichael KeatonPeter SarsgaardMichael Stuhlbarg 13. American Crime Story 2016– 30 epsNC16 8.4 (99K) RateTV Series An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals.CreatorScott AlexanderLarry KaraszewskiSarah BurgessStarsSarah PaulsonAnnaleigh AshfordSterling K. Brown 14. When They See Us 20194 epsR21 8.8 (138K) RateTV Mini Series Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story.CreatorAva DuVernayStarsAsante BlackkCaleel HarrisEthan Herisse 15. The Act 20198 epsTV-MA 7.9 (38K) RateTV Mini Series Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder.CreatorNick AntoscaMichelle DeanStarsPatricia ArquetteJoey KingAnnaSophia Robb 16. Ingrid Goes West 20171h 38mNC16 6.6 (48K) Rate71Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star.DirectorMatt SpicerStarsAubrey PlazaElizabeth OlsenO'Shea Jackson Jr. 17. Obsessed 20091h 48mPG 5.0 (34K) Rate25Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp.DirectorSteve ShillStarsBeyoncéIdris ElbaAli Larter 18. Killing Eve 2018–202232 epsM18 8.1 (136K) RateTV Series After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsJodie ComerSandra OhFiona Shaw 19. The OA 2016–201916 epsNC16 7.8 (116K) RateTV Series Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous.CreatorZal BatmanglijBrit MarlingStarsBrit MarlingJason IsaacsScott Wilson 20. Mare of Easttown 20217 epsM18 8.4 (188K) RateTV Mini Series A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart.CreatorBrad IngelsbyStarsKate WinsletJulianne NicholsonJean Smart 21. Sharp Objects 20188 epsR21 8.0 (119K) RateTV Mini Series After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too.CreatorMarti NoxonStarsAmy AdamsPatricia ClarksonChris Messina 22. True Detective 2014– 31 epsM18 8.9 (658K) RateTV Series Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law.CreatorNic PizzolattoIssa LópezStarsVince VaughnColin FarrellRachel McAdams 23. Ozark 2017–202244 epsR21 8.5 (348K) RateTV Series A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss.CreatorBill DubuqueMark WilliamsStarsJason BatemanLaura LinneySofia Hublitz 24. Black Mirror 2011– 33 epsR21 8.7 (642K) RateTV Series Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world.CreatorCharlie BrookerStarsWunmi MosakuMonica DolanDaniel Lapaine 25. Big Little Lies 2017–201914 epsM18 8.4 (225K) RateTV Series The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town.CreatorDavid E. KelleyStarsReese WitherspoonNicole KidmanShailene Woodley 26. You 2018–202441 epsM18 7.7 (301K) RateTV Series A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by.CreatorGreg BerlantiSera GambleStarsPenn BadgleyVictoria PedrettiTati Gabrielle 27. Fleabag 2016–201912 epsM18 8.7 (202K) RateTV Series Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeSian CliffordOlivia Colman 28. Crashing 20166 epsM18 7.6 (26K) RateTV Series A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeJonathan BaileyJulie Dray More to explore FeedbackTell us what you think about this feature.Report this list Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_9_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Export Copy What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors • Created 1 week ago • Modified 1 week ago From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist. List activity 42K views • 26K this week Create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. 28 titles Sort byList order List orderAlphabeticalIMDb ratingPopularityNumber of ratingsRelease dateRuntimeDate added 1. Under the Bridge 20248 epsTV-MA 7.3 (2.1K) RateTV Mini Series Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder.CreatorQuinn ShephardStarsLily GladstoneVritika GuptaChloe Guidry 2. Search Party 2016–202250 epsTV-MA 7.6 (14K) RateTV Series Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears.CreatorSarah-Violet BlissCharles RogersMichael ShowalterStarsAlia ShawkatJohn ReynoldsJohn Early 3. Under the Silver Lake 20182h 19mR 6.5 (52K) Rate60Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre.DirectorDavid Robert MitchellStarsAndrew GarfieldRiley KeoughTopher Grace 4. I Hate Suzie 2020– 11 epsTV-MA 6.9 (4.1K) RateTV Series A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges.CreatorLucy PrebbleBillie PiperStarsBillie PiperLeila FarzadDaniel Ings 5. Swarm 20237 epsR21 7.1 (15K) RateTV Series A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn.CreatorDonald GloverJanine NabersStarsDominique FishbackChloe BaileyNirine S. Brown 6. I May Destroy You 202012 epsR21 8.1 (26K) RateTV Series The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation.CreatorMichaela CoelStarsMichaela CoelWeruche OpiaPaapa Essiedu 7. The Dropout 20228 epsNC16 7.5 (36K) RateTV Mini Series TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company.CreatorElizabeth MeriwetherStarsAmanda SeyfriedNaveen AndrewsMichel Gill 8. The Girl from Plainville 20228 epsTV-MA 6.4 (8.3K) RateTV Mini Series Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter.CreatorLiz HannahPatrick MacmanusStarsElle FanningChloë SevignyCara Buono 9. Under the Banner of Heaven 20227 epsM18 7.5 (35K) RateTV Mini Series A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government.CreatorDustin Lance BlackStarsAndrew GarfieldSam WorthingtonDaisy Edgar-Jones 10. Mindhunter 2017–201919 epsM18 8.6 (337K) RateTV Series In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters.CreatorJoe PenhallStarsJonathan GroffHolt McCallanyAnna Torv 11. Unbelievable 20198 epsR21 8.3 (120K) RateTV Mini Series A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth.CreatorSusannah GrantMichael ChabonAyelet WaldmanStarsKaitlyn DeverToni ColletteMerritt Wever 12. Dopesick 20218 epsM18 8.6 (78K) RateTV Mini Series The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA.CreatorDanny StrongStarsMichael KeatonPeter SarsgaardMichael Stuhlbarg 13. American Crime Story 2016– 30 epsNC16 8.4 (99K) RateTV Series An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals.CreatorScott AlexanderLarry KaraszewskiSarah BurgessStarsSarah PaulsonAnnaleigh AshfordSterling K. Brown 14. When They See Us 20194 epsR21 8.8 (138K) RateTV Mini Series Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story.CreatorAva DuVernayStarsAsante BlackkCaleel HarrisEthan Herisse 15. The Act 20198 epsTV-MA 7.9 (38K) RateTV Mini Series Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder.CreatorNick AntoscaMichelle DeanStarsPatricia ArquetteJoey KingAnnaSophia Robb 16. Ingrid Goes West 20171h 38mNC16 6.6 (48K) Rate71Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star.DirectorMatt SpicerStarsAubrey PlazaElizabeth OlsenO'Shea Jackson Jr. 17. Obsessed 20091h 48mPG 5.0 (34K) Rate25Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp.DirectorSteve ShillStarsBeyoncéIdris ElbaAli Larter 18. Killing Eve 2018–202232 epsM18 8.1 (136K) RateTV Series After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsJodie ComerSandra OhFiona Shaw 19. The OA 2016–201916 epsNC16 7.8 (116K) RateTV Series Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous.CreatorZal BatmanglijBrit MarlingStarsBrit MarlingJason IsaacsScott Wilson 20. Mare of Easttown 20217 epsM18 8.4 (188K) RateTV Mini Series A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart.CreatorBrad IngelsbyStarsKate WinsletJulianne NicholsonJean Smart 21. Sharp Objects 20188 epsR21 8.0 (119K) RateTV Mini Series After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too.CreatorMarti NoxonStarsAmy AdamsPatricia ClarksonChris Messina 22. True Detective 2014– 31 epsM18 8.9 (658K) RateTV Series Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law.CreatorNic PizzolattoIssa LópezStarsVince VaughnColin FarrellRachel McAdams 23. Ozark 2017–202244 epsR21 8.5 (348K) RateTV Series A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss.CreatorBill DubuqueMark WilliamsStarsJason BatemanLaura LinneySofia Hublitz 24. Black Mirror 2011– 33 epsR21 8.7 (642K) RateTV Series Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world.CreatorCharlie BrookerStarsWunmi MosakuMonica DolanDaniel Lapaine 25. Big Little Lies 2017–201914 epsM18 8.4 (225K) RateTV Series The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town.CreatorDavid E. KelleyStarsReese WitherspoonNicole KidmanShailene Woodley 26. You 2018–202441 epsM18 7.7 (301K) RateTV Series A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by.CreatorGreg BerlantiSera GambleStarsPenn BadgleyVictoria PedrettiTati Gabrielle 27. Fleabag 2016–201912 epsM18 8.7 (202K) RateTV Series Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeSian CliffordOlivia Colman 28. Crashing 20166 epsM18 7.6 (26K) RateTV Series A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital.CreatorPhoebe Waller-BridgeStarsPhoebe Waller-BridgeJonathan BaileyJulie Dray More to explore FeedbackTell us what you think about this feature.Report this list Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545521929/?ref_=hm_edcft_c_ls_wtwbabyreindeer_9_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list What to Watch After "Baby Reindeer" by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 week ago | updated - 1 week ago | Public From thrilling true stories to wild fictions and dark, obsessive comedies, we've rounded up a list of our recommendations to watch if you're looking for something to fill that "Baby Reindeer"-sized hole in your Watchlist.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Drama (27) Crime (18) Thriller (14) Mystery (12) Biography (6) Comedy (6) History (2) Romance (2) Sci-Fi (2) Action (1) Adventure (1) Fantasy (1) TV Series (15) TV Mini-Series (10) Feature Film (3) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » 21st Century (14) Murder (14) Sex Scene (13) 2010s (12) Psychological Drama (10) Tv Mini Series (10) Based On True Story (9) Female Protagonist (9) Husband Wife Relationship (8) Psychological Thriller (8) Female Nudity (7) Female Rear Nudity (7) Police (7) True Crime (7) 2020s (6) Docudrama Drama (6) Gay Character (6) Investigation (6) Male Nudity (6) Mother Daughter Relationship (6) Suspense Mystery (6) 1980s (5) 1990s (5) Friendship (5) Hulu (5) Los Angeles California (5) Rape (5) Secret (5) Strong Female Lead (5) 20th Century (4) Based On Book (4) Based On Novel (4) Bloody Violence (4) Criminal (4) Criminal Investigation (4) Dark Comedy (4) Female Full Frontal Nudity (4) Gay Friend (4) Hospital (4) Kidnapping (4) Lgbt (4) Lgbt Character (4) Mother Son Relationship (4) Obsession (4) Psychopath (4) Serial Killer (4) Serial Murder (4) Teenage Girl (4) Violence (4) Web Series (4) 2000s (3) Anthology (3) Artist (3) Bisexual (3) Bookstore (3) Boyfriend Girlfriend Relationship (3) Character Name In Title (3) Cop Drama (3) Coworker Coworker Relationship (3) Dancing (3) Deception (3) Detective (3) Domestic Drama (3) Drinking (3) Epic Drama (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Female Police Officer (3) Female Topless Nudity (3) Gay (3) Infidelity (3) Lesbian (3) Lie (3) London England (3) Love (3) Male And Female Protagonists (3) Male Protagonist (3) Male Rear Nudity (3) Mental Disorder (3) Murder Investigation (3) Obsessive Love (3) Police Investigation (3) Police Procedural Crime (3) Prison (3) School (3) Sister Sister Relationship (3) Social Media (3) Stalker (3) Trial (3) United States Of America (3) Whodunnit Mystery (3) Alcoholic (2) Anal Sex (2) Anthology Series (2) Bad Mother (2) Balloon (2) Bare Chested Male (2) Based On Real Person (2) Bbc (2) Being Followed (2) Best Friend (2) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 28 titles 1. Under the Bridge (2024) Biography, Crime, Drama 7.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Reena Virk, a fourteen-year-old girl, went to join friends at a party and never returned home. Seven teenage girls and a boy were accused of the savage murder. Stars: Lily Gladstone, Vritika Gupta, Chloe Guidry, Javon 'Wanna' Walton Votes: 2,120 2. Search Party (2016–2022) 24 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Search Party is a dark comedy about four self-absorbed twenty-somethings who become entangled in an ominous mystery when a former college acquaintance suddenly disappears. Stars: Alia Shawkat, John Reynolds, John Early, Meredith Hagner Votes: 13,619 3. Under the Silver Lake (2018) R | 139 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 60 Metascore Sam, a disenchanted young man, finds a mysterious woman swimming in his apartment's pool one night. The next morning, she disappears. Sam sets off across LA to find her, and along the way he uncovers a conspiracy far more bizarre. Director: David Robert Mitchell | Stars: Andrew Garfield, Riley Keough, Topher Grace, Callie Hernandez Votes: 51,551 | Gross: $0.05M 4. I Hate Suzie (2020– ) 280 min | Comedy, Drama 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A female celebrity has her whole life upended when her phone is hacked and a photo of her in an extremely compromising position emerges. Stars: Billie Piper, Leila Farzad, Daniel Ings, Matthew Jordan-Caws Votes: 4,142 5. Swarm (2023) R21 | 34 min | Comedy, Crime, Drama 7.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A young woman's obsession with a pop star takes a dark turn. Stars: Dominique Fishback, Chloe Bailey, Nirine S. Brown, Karen Rodriguez Votes: 15,444 6. I May Destroy You (2020) R21 | 351 min | Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The question of sexual consent in contemporary life and how, in the new landscape of dating and relationships, we make the distinction between liberation and exploitation. Stars: Michaela Coel, Weruche Opia, Paapa Essiedu, Stephen Wight Votes: 26,088 7. The Dropout (2022) NC16 | 50 min | Biography, Drama 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. TV series that chronicles Theranos founder Elizabeth Holmes' attempt to revolutionize the healthcare industry after dropping out of college and starting a technology company. Stars: Amanda Seyfried, Naveen Andrews, Michel Gill, William H. Macy Votes: 36,255 8. The Girl from Plainville (2022) 45 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 6.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Inspired by the true story of Michelle Carter's unprecedented "texting-suicide" case. Explores Carter's relationship with Conrad Roy III and the events that led to his death and, later, her conviction of involuntary manslaughter. Stars: Elle Fanning, Chloë Sevigny, Cara Buono, Colton Ryan Votes: 8,270 9. Under the Banner of Heaven (2022) M18 | 67 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 7.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A devout detective's faith is tested as he investigates a brutal murder seemingly connected to an esteemed Utah family's spiral into LDS fundamentalism and their distrust in the government. Stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Denise Gough Votes: 34,955 10. Mindhunter (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. In the late 1970s, two FBI agents broaden the realm of criminal science by investigating the psychology behind murder and end up getting too close to real-life monsters. Stars: Jonathan Groff, Holt McCallany, Anna Torv, Hannah Gross Votes: 337,175 11. Unbelievable (2019) R21 | 48 min | Crime, Drama 8.3 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A teenager is charged with lying about being raped, but two detectives follow the path to the truth. Stars: Kaitlyn Dever, Toni Collette, Merritt Wever, Blake Ellis Votes: 120,116 12. Dopesick (2021) M18 | 62 min | Drama 8.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The series takes viewers to the epicenter of America's struggle with opioid addiction, from the boardrooms of Purdue Pharma, to a distressed Virginia mining community, to the hallways of the DEA. Stars: Michael Keaton, Peter Sarsgaard, Michael Stuhlbarg, Will Poulter Votes: 78,154 13. American Crime Story (2016– ) NC16 | 42 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. Stars: Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford, Sterling K. Brown, Kenneth Choi Votes: 99,046 14. When They See Us (2019) R21 | 75 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 8.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Five teens from Harlem become trapped in a nightmare when they're falsely accused of a brutal attack in Central Park. Based on the true story. Stars: Asante Blackk, Caleel Harris, Ethan Herisse, Marquis Rodriguez Votes: 138,152 15. The Act (2019) 53 min | Biography, Crime, Drama 7.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Dee Dee Blanchard is overprotective of her daughter, Gypsy, who is trying to escape the toxic relationship she has with her mother. Gypsy's quest for independence opens up a Pandora's box of secrets, which ultimately leads to murder. Stars: Patricia Arquette, Joey King, AnnaSophia Robb, Chloë Sevigny Votes: 37,886 16. Ingrid Goes West (2017) NC16 | 98 min | Comedy, Drama 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 71 Metascore An unhinged social media stalker moves to LA and ingratiates herself into the life of an Instagram star. Director: Matt Spicer | Stars: Aubrey Plaza, Elizabeth Olsen, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Wyatt Russell Votes: 48,001 | Gross: $3.02M 17. Obsessed (2009) PG | 108 min | Drama, Romance, Thriller 5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 25 Metascore A successful executive's seemingly perfect career and marriage starts falling apart when his firm hires a seductive office temp. Director: Steve Shill | Stars: Beyoncé, Idris Elba, Ali Larter, Jerry O'Connell Votes: 34,392 | Gross: $68.26M 18. Killing Eve (2018–2022) M18 | 42 min | Action, Adventure, Drama 8.1 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After a series of events, the lives of a security operative and an assassin become inextricably linked. Stars: Jodie Comer, Sandra Oh, Fiona Shaw, Kim Bodnia Votes: 136,113 19. The OA (2016–2019) NC16 | 60 min | Drama, Fantasy, Mystery 7.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Having gone missing seven years ago, the previously blind Prairie returns home, now in her twenties with her sight restored. While many believe she is a miracle, others worry that she could be dangerous. Stars: Brit Marling, Jason Isaacs, Scott Wilson, Alice Krige Votes: 116,083 20. Mare of Easttown (2021) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A detective in a small Pennsylvania town investigates a local murder while trying to keep her life from falling apart. Stars: Kate Winslet, Julianne Nicholson, Jean Smart, Angourie Rice Votes: 188,411 21. Sharp Objects (2018) R21 | 53 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. After treating her mental illness, crime reporter Camille Preaker returns to her hometown to solve the murder of two young girls. However, she is forced to face and deal with her own demons too. Stars: Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson, Chris Messina, Eliza Scanlen Votes: 119,218 22. True Detective (2014– ) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law. Stars: Vince Vaughn, Colin Farrell, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch Votes: 657,963 23. Ozark (2017–2022) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Thriller 8.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A financial advisor drags his family from Chicago to the Missouri Ozarks, where he must launder money to appease a drug boss. Stars: Jason Bateman, Laura Linney, Sofia Hublitz, Skylar Gaertner Votes: 347,686 24. Black Mirror (2011– ) R21 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Featuring stand-alone dramas -- sharp, suspenseful, satirical tales that explore techno-paranoia -- "Black Mirror" is a contemporary reworking of "The Twilight Zone" with stories that tap into the collective unease about the modern world. Stars: Wunmi Mosaku, Monica Dolan, Daniel Lapaine, Hannah John-Kamen Votes: 641,513 25. Big Little Lies (2017–2019) M18 | 60 min | Crime, Drama, Mystery 8.4 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. The apparently-perfect lives of upper-class mothers of students at a prestigious elementary school unravel to the point of murder when a single mother moves to their quaint California beach town. Stars: Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley, Zoë Kravitz Votes: 224,733 26. You (2018–2024) M18 | 45 min | Crime, Drama, Romance 7.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dangerously charming, intensely obsessive young man goes to extreme measures to insert himself into the lives of those he is transfixed by. Stars: Penn Badgley, Victoria Pedretti, Tati Gabrielle, Ambyr Childers Votes: 300,658 27. Fleabag (2016–2019) M18 | 30 min | Comedy, Drama 8.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Series adapted from the award-winning play about a young woman trying to cope with life in London whilst coming to terms with a recent tragedy. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Sian Clifford, Olivia Colman, Jenny Rainsford Votes: 202,491 28. Crashing (2016) M18 | 30 min | Comedy 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A comedy series following the lives of six 20- and 30-somethings living together as property guardians of a large, disused hospital. Stars: Phoebe Waller-Bridge, Jonathan Bailey, Julie Dray, Louise Ford Votes: 26,217 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 41,730 | in last week 25,987 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls545387393/?ref_=hm_edcft_targ_corman_rated_14_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Copy from this list Export Report this list Top 10 Roger Corman Movies by IMDb-Editors | created - 1 day ago | updated - 1 day ago | Public Roger Corman was known as the "King of the Bs," and his filmography is full of cult classics. Here are the 10 highest-rated movies he directed, according to IMDb fans.  Refine See titles to watch instantly, titles you haven't rated, etc Genres Movies or TV IMDb Rating In Theaters Release Year Keywords Horror (8) Drama (5) Comedy (3) Crime (2) Mystery (2) Thriller (2) Fantasy (1) History (1) Sci-Fi (1) Feature Film (10) IMDb user rating (average) 1 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 1.6 1.7 1.8 1.9 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.5 2.6 2.7 2.8 2.9 3.0 3.1 3.2 3.3 3.4 3.5 3.6 3.7 3.8 3.9 4.0 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.4 4.5 4.6 4.7 4.8 4.9 5.0 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.4 5.5 5.6 5.7 5.8 5.9 6.0 6.1 6.2 6.3 6.4 6.5 6.6 6.7 6.8 6.9 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 7.4 7.5 7.6 7.7 7.8 7.9 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 8.4 8.5 8.6 8.7 8.8 8.9 9.0 9.1 9.2 9.3 9.4 9.5 9.6 9.7 9.8 9.9 10 to 10 9.9 9.8 9.7 9.6 9.5 9.4 9.3 9.2 9.1 9.0 8.9 8.8 8.7 8.6 8.5 8.4 8.3 8.2 8.1 8.0 7.9 7.8 7.7 7.6 7.5 7.4 7.3 7.2 7.1 7.0 6.9 6.8 6.7 6.6 6.5 6.4 6.3 6.2 6.1 6.0 5.9 5.8 5.7 5.6 5.5 5.4 5.3 5.2 5.1 5.0 4.9 4.8 4.7 4.6 4.5 4.4 4.3 4.2 4.1 4.0 3.9 3.8 3.7 3.6 3.5 3.4 3.3 3.2 3.1 3.0 2.9 2.8 2.7 2.6 2.5 2.4 2.3 2.2 2.1 2.0 1.9 1.8 1.7 1.6 1.5 1.4 1.3 1.2 1.1 1 Number of votes to » In Favorite Theaters In Theaters Near You Reset Release year or range to » Psychotronic Film (9) Cult Film (7) Corman And Price (6) Independent Film (6) Death (5) Gothic Horror (5) Murder (5) Castle (4) Husband Wife Relationship (4) Dungeon (3) Father Daughter Relationship (3) Fire (3) Ghost (3) Villain As Protagonist (3) Wine (3) 1500s (2) 19th Century (2) Altar (2) B Movie (2) Based On Poem (2) Based On Short Story (2) Body Hidden Behind A Wall (2) Brother Sister Relationship (2) Buried Alive (2) Burned Alive (2) Candle (2) Car (2) Chandelier (2) Coffin (2) Cold Weather (2) Corman And Nicnholson (2) Corpse (2) Costume Horror (2) Cult Director (2) Curse (2) Doctor (2) Drugged Drink (2) Experiment (2) Fainting (2) Father Son Relationship (2) Fireplace (2) Fog (2) Gothic Mansion (2) Gun (2) Haunted By The Past (2) Horse And Carriage (2) House (2) Infidelity (2) Insanity (2) Lightning (2) Lynch Mob (2) Mad Scientist (2) Mansion (2) Marriage (2) Massacre (2) Men In Tights (2) Mistress (2) Mob (2) Mutation (2) Painting (2) Party (2) Physician (2) Pistol (2) Price And Lorre (2) Revenge (2) Secret Door (2) Setting Someone On Fire (2) Snake (2) Sorcerer (2) Spider (2) Spiderweb (2) Storm (2) Superstition (2) Tarantula (2) Top Hat (2) Village (2) 16th Century (1) 1920s (1) 1930s (1) 20th Century (1) 27 Year Old (1) Abandoned House (1) Abbreviation In Title (1) Accidental Death (1) Accidental Killing (1) Accused Of Rape (1) Adulteress (1) Adulterous Wife (1) Adultery (1) Al Capone Character (1) Alcoholic (1) Alcoholic Drink (1) Alcoholism (1) Ambiguous Ending (1) Ambush (1) Amontillado (1) Amusement Park (1) Ancestor (1) Angry Mob (1) Animal Attack (1) Sort by: List Order Popularity Alphabetical IMDb Rating Number of Votes Release Date Runtime Date Added View: 10 titles 1. The Intruder (1962) PG-13 | 84 min | Drama 7.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A charismatic "social reformer" rallies the white populace of a Southern town to oppose school integration, but he soon finds himself in a situation that he cannot control. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: William Shatner, Frank Maxwell, Beverly Lunsford, Robert Emhardt Votes: 3,925 2. Pit and the Pendulum (1961) 80 min | Drama, Horror, Mystery 7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 78 Metascore In the sixteenth century, Francis Barnard travels to Spain to clarify the strange circumstances of his sister's death after she had married the son of a cruel Spanish Inquisitor. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Barbara Steele, John Kerr, Luana Anders Votes: 16,431 | Gross: $4.36M 3. The Fall of the House of Usher (1960) 79 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 75 Metascore Upon entering his fiancée's family mansion, a man discovers a savage family curse and fears that his future brother-in-law has entombed his bride-to-be prematurely. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Mark Damon, Myrna Fahey, Harry Ellerbe Votes: 15,480 | Gross: $3.16M 4. The Masque of the Red Death (1964) 89 min | Drama, Horror 6.9 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 77 Metascore A European prince terrorizes the local peasantry while using his castle as a refuge against the "Red Death" plague that stalks the land. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Hazel Court, Jane Asher, David Weston Votes: 16,273 5. Tales of Terror (1962) 89 min | Comedy, Horror, Mystery 6.8 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. 68 Metascore Three tales of terror involve a grieving widower and the daughter he abandoned; a drunkard and his wife's black cat; and a hypnotist who prolongs the moment of a man's death. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Maggie Pierce, Leona Gage, Peter Lorre Votes: 8,395 6. A Bucket of Blood (1959) 66 min | Comedy, Crime, Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A dimwitted busboy at a beatnik cafe passes off a cat he accidentally killed and covered in plaster as a sculpture, prompting a demand for more art that compels him to commit murders. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Dick Miller, Barboura Morris, Antony Carbone, Julian Burton Votes: 7,926 7. The Haunted Palace (1963) 87 min | Horror 6.7 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Charles Dexter Ward arrives at a small village to visit the house he inherited from his ancestor who died there 100 years ago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Debra Paget, Lon Chaney Jr., Frank Maxwell Votes: 8,484 | Gross: $2.62M 8. X (1963) 79 min | Horror, Sci-Fi, Thriller 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A Roger Corman tale of Dr. James Xavier's devastating experiments on himself and the unforeseen. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Ray Milland, Diana Van der Vlis, Harold J. Stone, John Hoyt Votes: 8,189 9. The St. Valentine's Day Massacre (1967) NC-16 | 100 min | Crime, Drama, History 6.6 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. Al Capone's Valentine's Day surprise for the rival Bugs Moran gang in 1929 Chicago. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Jason Robards, George Segal, Ralph Meeker, Jean Hale Votes: 4,774 10. The Raven (1963) 86 min | Comedy, Fantasy, Horror 6.5 0 Rate 1 Rate 2 Rate 3 Rate 4 Rate 5 Rate 6 Rate 7 Rate 8 Rate 9 Rate 10 Rate 0 Error: please try again. A magician, who has been turned into a raven, turns to a former sorcerer for help. Director: Roger Corman | Stars: Vincent Price, Peter Lorre, Boris Karloff, Hazel Court Votes: 13,578 create a new list List your movie, TV & celebrity picks. List Activity Views: 353 | in last week 353 Tell Your Friends Share this list: Feedback?  Tell us what you think about this feature. Other Lists by IMDb-Editors Our Cheat Sheet to the 2024 Kashish Pride Film Festival a list of 9 titles   Top 10 Roger Corman Movies a list of 10 titles   TV Tracker: Renewed and Canceled Shows a list of 88 images   IMDb's Cheat Sheet for the 2024 Seattle International Film Festival a list of 8 images   Easterseals 2024 a list of 5 videos   See all lists by IMDb-Editors » Clear your history Recently Viewed   Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Get the IMDb app Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc.

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_5_i
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/video/vi820299289/?listId=ls025720609&ref_=hm_edcio_og_ideaofu_jkt_5_t
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/list/ls025720609/videoplayer/vi820299289?ref_=hm_edcio_c_og_ideaofu_jkt_5_cta
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Close The Idea of You (2024) Talk-Show Anne Hathaway Explains Why Nicholas Galitzine Was Perfect for 'The Idea of You' IMDb talks to 'The Idea of You' stars Anne Hathaway and Nicholas Galitzine about their new rom-com. Find out how Nicholas Galitzine booked the role of a teen icon, how Anne Hathaway channeled personal experiences for her role, and delight in their incredible off-screen banter while chatting about all things 'The Idea of You.' Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0324658/
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Biography Awards Trivia IMDbPro All topics Walton Goggins Actor Producer Soundtrack IMDbProStarmeter 12 5 Play clip5:54 Why "Fallout" Needs a Second Season 99+ Videos 99+ Photos Walton Goggins is an actor of considerable versatility and acclaim who has delivered provocative performances in a multitude of feature films and television series. He won a Critics' Choice Award for his performance in the HBO comedy series "Vice Principals" and landed an Emmy nomination for his role of 'Boyd Crowder' on FX's "Justified," among numerous accolades. Goggins is the producer/star of the hit new CBS single-camera comedy "The Unicorn," which debuted as TV's #1 New Show and has been picked up for a full season. The series is about a tight-knit group of best friends and family who help 'Wade' (Goggins) embrace his "new normal" in the wake of the loss of his wife one year ago. As a sometimes ill-equipped but always devoted single parent to his two adolescent daughters, he is taking the major step of dating again. To Wade's amazement, he's a hot commodity with women, and his friends explain that he's the perfect single guy - a "unicorn": employed, attractive, and with a proven track record of commitment. He has also re-teamed with his former "Vice Principals" co-star Danny McBride on HBO's comedy series "The Righteous Gemstones," which has been renewed for a second season. Written, directed and EP'ed by McBride, it tells the story of a world-famous televangelist family with a long tradition of deviance, greed and charitable work. Goggins plays 'Baby Billy,' a former child star who clogged and sang for Jesus. As an aging man, he's fallen on hard times and comes to the Gemstones for salvation. On the feature front, Goggins plays the role of 'Christ' in THREE CHRISTS, which IFC Films will release in theaters, VOD and Digital on January 10, 2020. The story follows a doctor (Richard Gere) who is treating paranoid schizophrenic patients at the Ypsilanti State Hospital in Michigan, each of whom believe they are Jesus Christ. The film made its World Premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival. Goggins recently starred opposite Oscar winner Olivia Colman in the Appalachian thriller THEM THAT FOLLOW, which made its World Premiere at the 2019 Sundance Film Festival and was released in August 2019. The film followed members of an isolated community of Pentecostal snake handlers led by 'Pastor Lemuel' (Goggins). In the can is the indie feature WORDS ON BATHROOM WALLS. In 2018, Goggins appeared in three major studio features: He starred opposite Alicia Vikander in Warner Bros./MGM's TOMB RAIDER reboot, in the role of villain 'Mathias Vogel.' The film opened as the #1 film globally. In its review, Variety proclaimed, "Goggins, a magnetic actor who projects the lean, hungry anger of vintage-period Jack Nicholson, never hits you over the head with evil; he lets Vogel's sleazy cruelty seep through his pores." In Disney/Marvel's ANT-MAN AND THE WASP, the sequel to the superhero feature starring Paul Rudd, Goggins played 'Sonny Burch,' a character deep in the Marvel mythos. Additionally, he appeared in Twentieth Century Fox's MAZERUNNER: THE DEATH CURE, the third installment of the highly successful franchise that also opened at #1. In recent years, Goggins has had pivotal roles in films by two of Hollywood's most important auteurs: Quentin Tarantino and Steven Spielberg. His integral role as 'Chris Mannix,' a southern renegade who claims to be the new sheriff of Red Rock in Tarantino's THE HATEFUL EIGHT, marked his second collaboration with the Academy Award-winning writer/director. He previously played slave fight trainer 'Billy Crash' in Tarantino's 2012 DJANGO UNCHAINED. That same year, Goggins also appeared in Steven Spielberg's LINCOLN, where he portrayed Congressman 'Wells A. Hutchins.' For television, Goggins headlined and executive-produced season two of the contemporary espionage thriller "Deep State." He starred as 'Nathan Miller,' a former CIA operative who now works in the private sector as a fixer for the deep state and is at the heart of the new season. The series aired in the U.S. on EPIX, and Fox Networks Group Europe & Africa aired it globally in 50 markets in the summer of 2019. Goggins won a Critics Choice Award for his role opposite Danny McBride in the HBO series "Vice Principals," which aired for two seasons. Created by McBride and Jody Hill, who also created "Eastbound & Down," "Vice Principals" is a dark comedy about a high school and the two people who almost run it, the vice principals (McBride and Goggins). He starred in the first season of HISTORY's "Six," a military action drama from A+E Studios and The Weinstein Co that was the top new cable series of 2017 in total viewers. Inspired by current events, it followed an elite team of Navy SEALs whose mission to eliminate a Taliban leader in Afghanistan went awry when they uncovered a U.S. citizen working with the terrorists. Goggins played 'Rip Taggart,' the one-time leader of the SEAL team SIX squad. For over a decade, Goggins has been one of the most magnetic and intense actors on television. He received an Emmy® nomination and four Critics Choice Award nominations for his mesmerizing portrayal of 'Boyd Crowder' on FX's Peabody Award-winning Drama series "Justified," which ran for six seasons. Goggins' 'Boyd' was the long-time friend, yet ultimate nemesis to U.S. Marshal 'Raylan Givens' (Timothy Olyphant). Elmore Leonard, EP and writer of the short story "Fire in the Hole" on which the show is based, says of 'Boyd,' "There has never been a more poetic bad guy on television in the way that he sees the world." Goggins' critical turn as the complex transgender prostitute 'Venus Van Dam' on the FX drama series "Sons of Anarchy" earned him two Critics Choice Award nominations and helped shed a fresh light on the transgender community. For seven years Walton garnered much acclaim for his complex and edgy portrayal of 'Detective Shane Vendrell' on FX's gritty, award-winning drama series "The Shield." He was nominated for a Television Critics Association (TCA) Award in the category of "Individual Achievement in Drama." He has also taken his turn behind the camera. Goggins' collaborations with his partners at Ginny Mule Pictures include winning an Academy Award® for their 2001 short film, THE ACCOUNTANT, which he produced and starred in. The team produced, directed and starred in their first feature, CHRYSTAL, starring Billy Bob Thornton, which was accepted into the 2005 Sundance Film Festival's Dramatic Competition. For their third collaboration, Goggins produced and starred in the feature RANDY AND THE MOB, which won the Audience Award for Best Feature at the 2007 Nashville Film Festival. Goggins and his Ginny Mule partners completed their fourth feature, THAT EVENING SUN, starring Hal Holbrook and Goggins. The film made its world premiere at the South By Southwest (SXSW) Film Festival in Austin, TX in 2009, where it won the Narrative Feature Audience Award and received the Special Jury Award for "Best Ensemble Cast." It went on to win awards at over 14 film festivals, culminating with the honor of the "Wyatt Award" from the Southeastern Film Critics Association (SEFCA) and two Independent Spirit Award nominations. Goggins is co-owner of Mulholland Distilling, a portfolio of premium spirits reflecting the vibrant, rich culture of Los Angeles and one of the first spirits companies from the city of Los Angeles since prohibition. Its namesake William Mulholland was the visionary who expanded the boundaries and possibilities of L.A. by bringing water to the desert town. Now, Mulholland Distilling is bringing a different kind of water to the city, the water of life. American Whiskey. Vodka. Gin. "The Spirit of Los Angeles." With a mission to create artisanal spirits inspired by the diversity and verve of Los Angeles, the brand has worked with top distillers, blenders and mixologists across the nation to bring only the best to the City of Angels (www.mulhollanddistilling.com). Goggins enjoys traveling the world and has spent time in Namibia, Mozambique, South Africa, Vietnam, Cambodia, Thailand, Central America, Morocco and India. He is an avid photographer and has captured many of his journeys on film. BornNovember 10, 1971 More at IMDbPro Contact info Agent info Resume BornNovember 10, 1971 IMDbProStarmeter 12 5 Add to list View contact info at IMDbPro Photos430 Nominated for 1 Primetime Emmy 8 wins & 31 nominations total "Fallout" Cast In and Out of Character "Fallout" Cast In and Out of Character Walton Goggins, Ella Purnell, and more ""Fallout" stars in and out of character.See the gallery Photos Known for Justified 8.6 TV Series Boyd Crowder 2010–2015 • 74 eps The Hateful Eight 7.8 Sheriff Chris Mannix 2015 Predators 6.4 Stans 2010 Django Unchained 8.5 Billy Crash 2012 Credits Edit Actor106 Producer8 Soundtrack1 Self53Thanks7Archive Footage1IMDbPro Expand below Actor Upcoming 3 The White Lotus Released TV Series 2025 1 episode Press Your Luck Post-production Queen of the Ring Jack Pfefer Post-production Previous 103 Fallout 8.5TV Series The Ghoul Cooper Howard 2024 8 episodes Invincible 8.7TV Series Cecil Cecil Stedman (voice) 2021–2024 15 episodes The Uninvited 7.9 Sammy 2024 Justified: City Primeval 7.4TV Mini Series Boyd Crowder 2023 1 episode The Righteous Gemstones 8.1TV Series Baby Billy Baby Billy Freeman 2019–2023 18 episodes I'm a Virgo 7.1TV Series Hero 2023 5 episodes George & Tammy 7.5TV Series Earl 'Peanutt' Montgomery 2022–2023 6 episodes Dreamin' Wild 6.4 Joe 2022 The Last Days of Ptolemy Grey 7.8TV Series Dr. Rubin 2022 5 episodes Squidbillies 6.7TV Series (voice) 2021 1 episode John Bronco Rides Again 6.8Short John Bronco 2021 Spirit Untamed 5.5 Hendricks (voice) 2021 The Unicorn 7.2TV Series Wade Felton 2019–2021 31 episodes Fatman 5.9 Skinny Man 2020 John Bronco 6.8Short John Bronco 2020 See all Producer Previous 8 John Bronco Rides Again 6.8Short producer 2021 The Unicorn 7.2TV Series producer 2019–2021 31 episodes Deep State 7.1TV Series executive producer 2019 7 episodes This Is All of Us Short executive producer 2013 That Evening Sun 7.0 producer 2009 Randy and the Mob 5.8 producer 2007 Chrystal 6.5 producer 2004 The Accountant 7.6Short producer 2001 Soundtrack Previous 1 The Righteous Gemstones 8.1TV Series performer: "Home at Christmastime" performer: "Misbehavin'" 2019–2022 3 episodes Videos232 Clip 5:54 Why "Fallout" Needs a Second Season Clip 4:17 Why Walton Goggins Sweat Out of His Eyes for "Fallout" Clip 2:16 Why Everyone Is Talking About "Fallout" Clip 1:20 Straw Dogs (2011) Clip 1:00 Predators Clip 1:02 Predators Clip 1:01 Predators Clip 1:02 Predators Trailer 3:18 Official Trailer Trailer 2:34 Trailer #1 Trailer 2:27 Official Trailer Trailer 1:50 Official Trailer Personal details Edit Alternative name Walt Goggins Height 1.78 m Born November 10, 1971 Birmingham, Alabama, USA Spouses Nadia ConnersAugust 2011 - present (1 child) Children Augustus Goggins Parents Walton Sanders Goggins Sr Other works Print ads for Edifice's Black Label EQWM1 OODC-1A2 watch. Publicity listings 4 Articles Did you know Edit Trivia He initially turned down the role of Boyd Crowder on Justified (2010) because he was concerned it would be a negative stereotype of Southerners. He finally agreed to shoot the pilot, in which Boyd was originally killed. However, his character did so well with testing audiences that it was decided to reshoot the end of the pilot to allow Boyd to live and be a recurring character. Quotes The life of a character doesn't just exist between action and cut. Trademark His carrier is associated with two sides of law: often times he plays police officers and psycho-killers. Related news Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the gallery List Staff Picks: What to Watch in May See our picks Add demo reel with IMDbPro Make your IMDb page stand out by adding a demo reel Upload your demo reel Add demo reel with IMDbPro Make your IMDb page stand out by adding a demo reelUpload your demo reel How much have you seen? Keep track of how much of Walton Goggins’s work you have seen. Go to your list. List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See our picks Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0634240/
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Biography Awards Trivia FAQ IMDbPro All topics Christopher Nolan(I) Writer Producer Director IMDbProStarmeter Top 500 22 Play clip1:50 All About Oppenheimer 27 Videos 99+ Photos Best known for his cerebral, often nonlinear, storytelling, acclaimed Academy Award winner writer/director/producer Sir Christopher Nolan CBE was born in London, England. Over the course of more than 25 years of filmmaking, Nolan has gone from low-budget independent films to working on some of the biggest blockbusters ever made and became one of the most celebrated filmmakers of modern cinema. At 7 years old, Nolan began making short films with his father's Super-8 camera. While studying English Literature at University College London, he shot 16-millimeter films at U.C.L.'s film society, where he learned the guerrilla techniques he would later use to make his first feature, Following (1998), on a budget of around $6,000. The noir thriller was recognized at a number of international film festivals prior to its theatrical release and gained Nolan enough credibility that he was able to gather substantial financing for his next film. Nolan's second film was Memento (2000), which he directed from his own screenplay based on a short story by his brother Jonathan Nolan. Starring Guy Pearce, the film brought Nolan numerous honors, including Academy Award and Golden Globe Award nominations for Best Original Screenplay. Nolan went on to direct the critically acclaimed psychological thriller, Insomnia (2002), starring Al Pacino, Robin Williams and Hilary Swank. The turning point in Nolan's career occurred when he was awarded the chance to revive the Batman franchise in 2005. In Batman Begins (2005), Nolan brought a level of gravitas back to the iconic hero, and his gritty, modern interpretation was greeted with praise from fans and critics alike. Before moving on to a Batman sequel, Nolan directed, co-wrote, and produced the mystery thriller The Prestige (2006), starring Christian Bale and Hugh Jackman as magicians whose obsessive rivalry leads to tragedy and murder. In 2008, Nolan directed, co-wrote, and produced The Dark Knight (2008). Co-written with by his brother Jonathan, the film went on to gross more than a billion dollars at the worldwide box office. Nolan was nominated for a Directors Guild of America (D.G.A.) Award, Writers Guild of America (W.G.A.) Award and Producers Guild of America (P.G.A.) Award, and the film also received eight Academy Award nominations. The film is widely considered one of the best comic book adaptations of all times, with Heath Ledger's performance as the Joker receiving an extremely high acclaim. Ledger posthumously became the first Academy Award winning performance in a Nolan film. In 2010, Nolan captivated audiences with the Sci-Fi thriller Inception (2010), starring Leonardo DiCaprio in the lead role, which he directed and produced from his own original screenplay that he worked on for almost a decade. The thought-provoking drama was a worldwide blockbuster, earning more than $800,000,000 and becoming one of the most discussed and debated films of the year, and of all times. Among its many honors, Inception received four Academy Awards and eight nominations, including Best Picture and Best Screenplay. Nolan was recognized by his peers with a W.G.A. Award accolade, as well as D.G.A. and P.G.A. Awards nominations for his work on the film. As one of the best-reviewed and highest-grossing movies of 2012, The Dark Knight Rises (2012) concluded Nolan's Batman trilogy. Due to his success rebooting the Batman character, Warner Bros. enlisted Nolan to produce their revamped Superman movie Man of Steel (2013), which opened in the summer of 2013. In 2014, Nolan directed, wrote, and produced the Science-Fiction epic Interstellar (2014), starring Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway and Jessica Chastain. Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros. released the film on November 5, 2014, to positive reviews and strong box-office results, grossing over $670 million dollars worldwide. In July 2017, Nolan released his acclaimed War epic Dunkirk (2017), that earned him his first Best Director nomination at the Academy Awards, as well as winning an additional 3 Oscars. In 2020 he released his mind-bending Sci-Fi espionage thriller Tenet (2020) starring John David Washington in the lead role. Released during the COVID-19 pandemic, the movie grossed relatively less than Nolan's previous blockbusters, though it did do good numbers compared to other movies in that period of time. Hailed as Nolan's most complex film yet, the film was one of Nolan's less-acclaimed films at the time, yet slowly built a fan-base following in later years. In July 2023, Nolan released his highly acclaimed biographic drama Oppenheimer (2023) starring Nolan's frequent collaborator Cillian Murphy- in the lead role for the first time in a Nolan film. The movie was a cultural phenomenon that on top of grossing almost 1 billion dollars at the Worldwide Box office, also swept the 2023/2024 award-season and gave Nolan his first Oscars, BAFTAs, Golden Globes, D.G.A. and P.G.A. Awards, as well as a handful of regional critics-circles awards and a W.G.A. nomination. Cillian's performance as quantum physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer was highly acclaimed as well, and became the first lead performance in a Nolan film to win the Academy Award. During 2023, Nolan also received a fellowship from the British Film Institute (BFI). In March 2024, it was announced that Nolan is to be knighted by King Charles III and from now on will go by the title 'Sir Christopher Nolan'. Nolan resides in Los Angeles, California with his wife, Academy Award winner producer Dame Emma Thomas, and their children. Sir Nolan and Dame Thomas also have their own production company, Syncopy. BornJuly 30, 1970 More at IMDbPro Contact info Agent info Resume BornJuly 30, 1970 IMDbProStarmeter Top 500 22 Add to list View contact info at IMDbPro Won 2 Oscars 228 wins & 297 nominations total Photos201 Known for Tenet 7.3 Writer 2020 Interstellar 8.7 Writer 2014 Inception 8.8 Writer 2010 The Prestige 8.5 Writer 2006 Credits Edit Writer18 Producer19 Director17 Cinematographer5Editor5Actor1Composer1Art Department1Self119Thanks31Archive Footage27IMDbPro Expand below Writer Upcoming 1 Memento based on the screenplay by In Development Previous 17 Oppenheimer 8.3 written for the screen by 2023 Tenet 7.3 written by 2020 Dunkirk 7.8 written by 2017 Interstellar 8.7 written by 2014 Man of Steel 7.1 story 2013 The Dark Knight Rises 8.4 screenplay story 2012 Inception: The Cobol Job 7.5Video based on characters by 2010 Inception 8.8 written by 2010 The Dark Knight 9.0 screenplay story 2008 The Prestige 8.5 screenplay 2006 Batman Begins 8.2Video Game based on the movie written by (uncredited) 2005 Batman Begins 8.2 screenplay 2005 Memento 8.4 screenplay 2000 Following 7.4 written by 1998 Doodlebug 7.0Short written by (as Chris Nolan) 1997 See all Producer Previous 19 Oppenheimer 8.3 producer (p.g.a.) 2023 Zack Snyder's Justice League 7.9 executive producer 2021 Tenet 7.3 producer (produced by, p.g.a.) 2020 The Doll's Breath 6.4Short executive producer 2019 The Dunkirk Spirit: Behind the Making of the Movie 7.8Short producer 2018 Justice League 6.1 executive producer 2017 Dunkirk 7.8 producer (produced by, p.g.a.) 2017 Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice 6.5 executive producer 2016 Quay 6.4Short producer 2015 Interstellar 8.7 producer 2014 Transcendence 6.2 executive producer 2014 Man of Steel 7.1 producer (produced by) 2013 The Dark Knight Rises 8.4 producer 2012 Inception 8.8 producer 2010 The Dark Knight 9.0 producer 2008 See all Director Previous 17 Oppenheimer 8.3 Director 2023 Tenet 7.3 Director 2020 Dunkirk 7.8 Director 2017 Quay 6.4Short Director 2015 Interstellar 8.7 Director 2014 The Dark Knight Rises 8.4 Director 2012 Inception 8.8 Director 2010 The Dark Knight 9.0 Director 2008 The Prestige 8.5 Director 2006 Batman Begins 8.2 Director 2005 Insomnia 7.2 Director 2002 Memento 8.4 Director 2000 Following 7.4 Director 1998 Doodlebug 7.0Short Director (as Chris Nolan) 1997 Larceny 6.4Short Director 1996 See all In-development projects at IMDbPro Videos27 Clip 2:04 Best Moments From the 2024 Oscars Clip 3:43 Why the Cast Considers 'Oppenheimer' Christopher Nolan's Magnum Opus Clip 6:26 Exclusive: Behind the Scenes of 'Oppenheimer' Clip 1:50 All About Oppenheimer Clip 5:09 'Tenet' Fan Theories: What We Got Right (and Wrong) Clip 2:47 What to Watch If You Love 'Inception' Clip 2:03 A Guide to the Films of Christopher Nolan Clip 4:04 'The Platform' & Future Films From the IMDb Top 250 Clip 4:03 Toss a Coin to Your "Witcher" Season 2 Theories Clip 4:46 Is the New 'Joker' Most Like Jared, Heath, or Jack? Clip 2:55 What We Know About 'Tenet' ... So Far Clip 3:36 How 'The Batman' Could Connect to 'Joker' Personal details Edit Alternative name Chris Nolan Height 1.81 m Born July 30, 1970 London, England, UK Spouse Emma Thomas1997 - present (4 children) Children Rory Nolan Parents Christina Nolan Relatives Jonathan Nolan(Sibling) Publicity listings 2 Biographical Movies 6 Interviews 11 Articles Did you know Edit Trivia He initially directed his Batman films so he could get funding and support for his bigger films. The one he had planned for years was Inception (2010). Quotes [on different acting styles] The best actors instinctively feel out what the other actors need, and they just accommodate it. Trademarks Begins his movies and introduces his main characters with a close up of their hands performing an action. Nickname Chris Salaries Dunkirk (2017)$20,000,000 + 20% of gross FAQ13 Powered by Alexa How old is Christopher Nolan? When was Christopher Nolan born? Where was Christopher Nolan born? Related news Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the gallery Photos The Greatest Character Actors of All Time See the gallery Add demo reel with IMDbPro Make your IMDb page stand out by adding a demo reel Upload your demo reel Add demo reel with IMDbPro Make your IMDb page stand out by adding a demo reelUpload your demo reel How much have you seen? Keep track of how much of Christopher Nolan’s work you have seen. Go to your list. List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See our picks Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/name/nm0000380/
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Biography Awards Trivia IMDbPro All topics Robert Duvall(I) Actor Producer Director IMDbProStarmeter Top 500 243 Play clip1:45 Robert Duvall | Career Retrospective 99 Videos 99+ Photos Veteran actor and director Robert Selden Duvall was born on January 5, 1931, in San Diego, CA, to Mildred Virginia (Hart), an amateur actress, and William Howard Duvall, a career military officer who later became an admiral. Duvall majored in drama at Principia College (Elsah, IL), then served a two-year hitch in the army after graduating in 1953. He began attending The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre In New York City on the G.I. Bill in 1955, studying under Sanford Meisner along with Dustin Hoffman, with whom Duvall shared an apartment. Both were close to another struggling young actor named Gene Hackman. Meisner cast Duvall in the play "The Midnight Caller" by Horton Foote, a link that would prove critical to his career, as it was Foote who recommended Duvall to play the mentally disabled "Boo Radley" in To Kill a Mockingbird (1962). This was his first "major" role since his 1956 motion picture debut as an MP in Somebody Up There Likes Me (1956), starring Paul Newman. Duvall began making a name for himself as a stage actor in New York, winning an Obie Award in 1965 playing incest-minded longshoreman "Eddie Carbone" in the off-Broadway revival of Arthur Miller's "A View from the Bridge", a production for which his old roommate Hoffman was assistant director. He found steady work in episodic TV and appeared as a modestly billed character actor in films, such as Arthur Penn's The Chase (1966) with Marlon Brando and in Robert Altman's Countdown (1967) and Francis Ford Coppola's The Rain People (1969), in both of which he co-starred with James Caan. He was also memorable as the heavy who is shot by John Wayne at the climax of True Grit (1969) and was the first "Maj. Frank Burns", creating the character in Altman's Korean War comedy MASH (1970). He also appeared as the eponymous lead in George Lucas' directorial debut, THX 1138 (1971). It was Francis Ford Coppola, casting The Godfather (1972), who reunited Duvall with Brando and Caan and provided him with his career breakthrough as mob lawyer "Tom Hagen". He received the first of his six Academy Award nominations for the role. Thereafter, Duvall had steady work in featured roles in such films as The Godfather: Part II (1974), The Killer Elite (1975), Network (1976), The Seven-Per-Cent Solution (1976) and The Eagle Has Landed (1976). Occasionally this actor's actor got the chance to assay a lead role, most notably in Tomorrow (1972), in which he was brilliant as William Faulkner's inarticulate backwoods farmer. He was less impressive as the lead in Badge 373 (1973), in which he played a character based on real-life NYPD detective Eddie Egan, the same man his old friend Gene Hackman had won an Oscar for playing, in fictionalized form as "Popeye Doyle" in The French Connection (1971). It was his appearance as "Lt. Col. Kilgore" in another Coppola picture, Apocalypse Now (1979), that solidified Duvall's reputation as a great actor. He got his second Academy Award nomination for the role, and was named by the Guinness Book of World Records as the most versatile actor in the world. Duvall created one of the most memorable characters ever assayed on film, and gave the world the memorable phrase, "I love the smell of napalm in the morning!" Subsequently, Duvall proved one of the few established character actors to move from supporting to leading roles, with his Oscar-nominated turns in The Great Santini (1979) and Tender Mercies (1983), the latter of which won him the Academy Award for Best Actor. Now at the summit of his career, Duvall seemed to be afflicted with the fabled "Oscar curse" that had overwhelmed the careers of fellow Academy Award winners Luise Rainer, Rod Steiger and Cliff Robertson. He could not find work equal to his talents, either due to his post-Oscar salary demands or a lack of perception in the industry that he truly was leading man material. He did not appear in The Godfather: Part III (1990), as the studio would not give in to his demands for a salary commensurate with that of Al Pacino, who was receiving $5 million to reprise Michael Corleone. His greatest achievement in his immediate post-Oscar period was his triumphant characterization of grizzled Texas Ranger Gus McCrae in the TV mini-series Lonesome Dove (1989), for which he received an Emmy nomination. He received a second Emmy nomination and a Golden Globe for his portrayal of Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin in Stalin (1992), and a third Emmy nomination playing Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann in The Man Who Captured Eichmann (1996). The shakeout of his career doldrums was that Duvall eventually settled back into his status as one of the premier character actors in the industry, rivaled only by his old friend Gene Hackman. Duvall, unlike Hackman, also has directed pictures, including the documentary We're Not the Jet Set (1974), Angelo My Love (1983) and Assassination Tango (2002). As a writer-director, Duvall gave himself one of his most memorable roles, that of the preacher on the run from the law in The Apostle (1997), a brilliant performance for which he received his third Best Actor nomination and fifth Oscar nomination overall. The film brought Duvall back to the front ranks of great actors, and was followed by a Best Supporting Actor Oscar nod for A Civil Action (1998). Robert Duvall will long be remembered as one of the great naturalistic American screen actors in the mode of Spencer Tracy and his frequent co-star Marlon Brando. His performances as "Boo Radley" in To Kill a Mockingbird (1962), "Jackson Fentry" in Tomorrow (1972), "Tom Hagen" in the first two "Godfather" movies, "Frank Hackett" in Network (1976), "Lt. Col. Kilgore" in Apocalypse Now (1979), "Bull Meechum" in The Great Santini (1979), "Mac Sledge" in Tender Mercies (1983), "Gus McCrae" in Lonesome Dove (1989) and "Sonny Dewey" in The Apostle (1997) rank as some of the finest acting ever put on film. It's a body of work that few actors can equal, let alone surpass. BornJanuary 5, 1931 More at IMDbPro Contact info Agent info Resume BornJanuary 5, 1931 IMDbProStarmeter Top 500 243 Add to list View contact info at IMDbPro Photos759 Won 1 Oscar 60 wins & 66 nominations total Known for The Apostle 7.2 The Apostle E.F. 1997 Tender Mercies 7.3 Mac Sledge 1983 The Judge 7.4 Joseph Palmer 2014 Open Range 7.4 Boss Spearman 2003 Credits Edit Actor147 Producer15 Director5 Soundtrack8Writer4Additional Crew1Archive Sound1Self150Thanks6Archive Footage35IMDbPro Expand below Actor Previous 147 The Pale Blue Eye 6.6 Jean Pepe 2022 Hustle 7.3 Rex Merrick 2022 12 Mighty Orphans 6.9 Mason Hawk 2021 Widows 6.8 Tom Mulligan 2018 In Dubious Battle 6.0 Bolton 2016 Wild Horses 4.8 Scott Briggs 2015 The Judge 7.4 Joseph Palmer 2014 A Night in Old Mexico 5.7 Red 2013 Jack Reacher 7.0 Cash 2012 Hemingway & Gellhorn 6.3TV Movie Russian General (uncredited) 2012 Jayne Mansfield's Car 6.2 Jim Caldwell 2012 Seven Days in Utopia 6.1 Johnny Crawford 2011 Crazy Heart 7.2 Wayne 2009 Get Low 7.0 Felix Bush 2009 The Road 7.2 Old Man 2009 See all Producer Upcoming 1 Hats, Horses, & Hollywood executive producer In Production Previous 14 Wild Horses 4.8 producer 2015 A Night in Old Mexico 5.7 producer 2013 Crazy Heart 7.2 producer 2009 Get Low 7.0 executive producer 2009 Broken Trail 7.7TV Mini Series executive producer 2006 2 episodes Portrait of Billy Joe 6.7 producer 2004 Assassination Tango 5.7 producer 2002 A Shot at Glory 6.2 producer 2000 The Apostle 7.2 executive producer 1997 The Man Who Captured Eichmann 6.4TV Movie executive producer 1996 A Family Thing 7.1 producer 1996 Angelo My Love 6.5 producer 1983 Tender Mercies 7.3 co-producer 1983 We're Not the Jet Set 8.5 executive producer (uncredited) 1974 Director Previous 5 Wild Horses 4.8 Director 2015 Assassination Tango 5.7 Director 2002 The Apostle 7.2 Director 1997 Angelo My Love 6.5 Director 1983 We're Not the Jet Set 8.5 Director 1974 Videos99 Clip 1:45 Robert Duvall | Career Retrospective Clip 0:42 Get Low (Clip 2 of 2) Clip 1:32 Get Low (Clip 1 of 2) Clip 2:02 The Seven-Per-Cent Solution Clip 1:05 Phenomenon: 15th Anniversary Edition Clip 1:14 Phenomenon: 15th Anniversary Edition Clip 1:08 Newsies: 20th Anniversary Edition Clip 0:55 Newsies: 20th Anniversary Edition Clip 1:11 Newsies: 20th Anniversary Edition Clip 0:46 The Godfather: Part II Clip 0:49 The Godfather: Part II Clip 1:49 The Godfather Personal details Edit Official sites Facebook Instagram Alternative names Robert Duval Height 1.76 m Born January 5, 1931 San Diego, California, USA Spouses Luciana PedrazaOctober 6, 2004 - present Children No Children Parents William Howard Duvall Relatives William Duvall(Sibling) Other works TV commercial: DirecTV in which he parodied his character in The Apostle (1997) (2004). Publicity listings 1 Biographical Movie 1 Print Biography 1 Portrayal 9 Interviews 12 Articles 1 Pictorial 5 Magazine Cover Photos Did you know Edit Trivia Was roommates and good friends with Dustin Hoffman and Gene Hackman while all were struggling stage actors in New York before any of them succeeded. Among the three, Hoffman and Duvall were known for their ways with the women, and Duvall and Hackman were known for their short fuses, which led to numerous bar fights. The three often bonded over elaborate practical jokes. Quotes [on the reason he did not appear in The Godfather: Part III (1990)] If they paid Pacino twice what they paid me, that's fine, but not three or four times, which is what they did. (Francis Ford Coppola) came to my farm, parked his car... went in the kitchen. (I) said: "I know you always wanted the crab cake recipe, let me cook it for you." Oh, he loves to eat, so I cooked the crab cake... and he wrote it down... and he forgot it, so he called twice. He was... more concerned that he forgot the crab cake recipe than would I be in Godfather III. [January 8, 2004] Trademarks Very mannered style of delivery Nickname Bob Salaries The Godfather (1972)$36,000 Related news Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the gallery List Staff Picks: What to Watch in May See our picks Add demo reel with IMDbPro Make your IMDb page stand out by adding a demo reel Upload your demo reel Add demo reel with IMDbPro Make your IMDb page stand out by adding a demo reelUpload your demo reel How much have you seen? Keep track of how much of Robert Duvall’s work you have seen. Go to your list. List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See our picks Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

URL: https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1403865/
Page TextMenu Movies Release CalendarTop 250 MoviesMost Popular MoviesBrowse Movies by GenreTop Box OfficeShowtimes & TicketsMovie NewsIndia Movie Spotlight TV Shows What's on TV & StreamingTop 250 TV ShowsMost Popular TV ShowsBrowse TV Shows by GenreTV News Watch What to WatchLatest TrailersIMDb OriginalsIMDb PicksIMDb SpotlightIMDb Podcasts Awards & Events OscarsCannes Film FestivalAsian Pacific American Heritage MonthStar WarsSTARmeter AwardsAwards CentralFestival CentralAll Events Celebs Born TodayMost Popular CelebsCelebrity News Community Help CenterContributor ZonePolls For Industry Professionals Language English (United States) Language Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México) All All Titles TV Episodes Celebs Companies Keywords Advanced Search Watchlist Sign In Sign In New Customer? Create account EN Fully supported English (United States) Partially supported Français (Canada) Français (France) Deutsch (Deutschland) हिंदी (भारत) Italiano (Italia) Português (Brasil) Español (España) Español (México)Use app Cast & crew User reviews Trivia FAQ IMDbPro All topics True Grit 2010 PG 1h 50m IMDb RATING 7.6/10 358K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,288 449 Play trailer0:33 24 Videos 99+ Photos DramaWestern A stubborn teenager enlists the help of a tough U.S. Marshal to track down her father's murderer.A stubborn teenager enlists the help of a tough U.S. Marshal to track down her father's murderer.A stubborn teenager enlists the help of a tough U.S. Marshal to track down her father's murderer. Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen Ethan Coen Charles Portis Stars Jeff Bridges Matt Damon Hailee Steinfeld See production info at IMDbPro IMDb RATING 7.6/10 358K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 1,288 449 Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen Ethan Coen Charles Portis Stars Jeff Bridges Matt Damon Hailee Steinfeld 894User reviews 441Critic reviews 80Metascore See production info at IMDbPro Nominated for 10 Oscars 38 wins & 169 nominations total Videos24 Trailer 0:33 Watch True Grit: "Click" TV Trailer Trailer 2:30 Watch True Grit: Trailer #2 Trailer 1:16 Watch True Grit Clip 1:56 Watch A Guide to the Films of the Coen Brothers Clip 0:51 Watch True Grit: One Eyed Man Clip 0:53 Watch True Grit: I'm A Texas Ranger Clip 0:54 Watch True Grit: You Are Not Going Clip 0:41 Watch True Grit: No Affidavit Featurette 3:01 Watch True Grit's Music Featurette 2:22 Watch True Grit's Production Design Featurette 2:22 Watch The Production Design of True Grit Featurette 3:01 Watch The Music of True Grit Photos207 Top cast Edit Jeff Bridges Rooster Cogburn Matt Damon LaBoeuf Hailee Steinfeld Mattie Ross Josh Brolin Tom Chaney Barry Pepper Lucky Ned Pepper Dakin Matthews Col. Stonehill Jarlath Conroy Undertaker Paul Rae Emmett Quincy Domhnall Gleeson Moon (The Kid) Elizabeth Marvel 40-Year-Old Mattie Roy Lee Jones Yarnell Ed Corbin Bear Man (as Ed Lee Corbin) Leon Russom Sheriff Bruce Green Harold Parmalee Candyce Hinkle Boarding House Landlady Peter Leung Mr. Lee Don Pirl Cole Younger Joe Stevens Cross-examining Lawyer Directors Ethan Coen Joel Coen Writers Joel Coen Ethan Coen Charles Portis All cast & crew Production, box office & more at IMDbPro More like this 7.6 3:10 to Yuma 7.7 O Brother, Where Art Thou? 7.2 The Ballad of Buster Scruggs 7.0 Burn After Reading 7.4 True Grit 7.6 Hell or High Water 7.4 Inside Llewyn Davis 7.0 A Serious Man 7.8 The Fighter 7.6 Barton Fink 7.5 The Hurt Locker 7.5 The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford Storyline Edit Did you know Edit Trivia Despite Mattie Ross having the most screen time and being considered the protagonist, Hailee Steinfeld was nominated for Best Supporting Actress in many award shows, including the Academy Awards. Goofs Mattie and her horse are completely dry right after swimming across the river. This same error occurs in the original film. Quotes LaBoeuf: As I understand it, Chaney... or Chelmsford, as he called himshelf in Texas... shot the senator's dog. When the senator remonstrated, Chelmsford shot him as well. You could argue that the shooting of the dog was merely an instance of malum prohibitum, but the shooting of a senator is indubitably an instance of malum in se. Rooster Cogburn: Malla-men what? Mattie Ross: Malum in se. The distinction is between an act that is wrong in itself, and an act that is wrong only according to our laws and mores. It is Latin. Rooster Cogburn: I am struck that LaBoeuf is shot, trampled, and nearly severs his tongue, and not only does not cease to talk, but spills the banks of English! Crazy credits Buster Coen, Ethan Coen's son, is listed in the end credits as "Mr. Damon's abs double". In reality, he was an on-set assistant to the script supervisor. Connections Featured in The Tonight Show with Jay Leno: Episode #19.51 (2010) Soundtracks Leaning on the Everlasting Arms Written by Elisha A. Hoffman and Anthony J. Showalter User reviews894 Review Review Featured review Print the legend.. Few directors working today in America have mastered form like the Coens, I discover this with every new film they make. True Grit is a commercial film made to please but I don't see a compromise in the making and it's still a distinctly Coen film if you pay notice. Try to take out the Coen character from the film and the film breaks apart, it's that tightly woven in the fabric of it. A Coen film works for me in the face of it, but I'm always on the lookout for what goes on behind, for the unseen cogs that grind out the fates of their characters. As with No Country, I came to this film looking to see is there a statement on violence, does it happen in a certain way and is the universe indifferent to it, is life worth a damn? This one here works very much like the Henry Hathaway film from '69, except everyone's better, where John Wayne played a character, Jeff Bridges plays a man, and even Barry Pepper betters my beloved Robert Duvall's turn as Ned Pepper. This probably won't do it for Jeff Bridges because we've been accustomed to expect a certain degree of po-faced seriousness from a great performance (he snarled and staggered in Crazy Heart but he was serious about it), but he's one of the great actors of our times and I find this again in his Rooster Cogburn. Clint Eastwood also fell from a horse in Unforgiven and couldn't shoot a tin can to save his soul, but Munny "was" a scumbag, Cogburn still is and I like that. I like the courtroom scene where it's gradually revealed that he won't only bushwack those he needs to bring to justice, he will lie to make himself out to be the hero. Another interesting aspect here is how the concept of the gunslinger and the western with it has evolved. When John Wayne played Cogburn in the Hathaway film the reward for the audience was the smirk of watching John Wayne be that drunken failure. The casting mattered in our appreciation. In the remake, most comments seem to point out that it's a fairly traditional/entertaining western. The dastardly revisit of something that was revisionist in the 70's oddly seems to give, in our day, a traditional western. We've been accustomed to heroes who are not heroes, and maybe the erosion of that heroic archetype says something about the way we view the world now, as opposed to 30-40 years ago. Then we were beginning to realize that wars are not gloriously, justly won but survived and endured, now we know there is no clear struggle between dual opposites and have grown disenchanted as that knowledge has failed to prevent the same wars. Now we know there is stuff about the legends that don't make the print, or we are suspicious enough about legends to imagine them. Is this a traditional western then? Watching True Grit through the eyes of the brass 14yo girl reminded me of Winter's Bone, another film from the same year. In both cases a young girl is determined to plunge herself in a dark world of hurt and walk a path fraught with perils on all sides to achieve a moral purpose, both films maintain an appearance of realism, but what I get from them is a magical fantasy. This becomes more apparent when Mattie falls in the snakepit, but what about the hanged men who are really hanged high? The Hathaway film, ostensibly based on the same material, missed that note and played out a straight western. The Coen film unfolds as a hazy dream of that West. Although I wished for more open landscapes, it makes sense then that film narrows our gaze and clouds the margins. Perhaps we are even seeing the film as Mattie relives the experience in her old age, an affair shaped by memory and time. This is the marvellous touch effected by the Coens on the material; the minute recreation of the Old West as a historical place and the odd, incongruous moments found within it annihilate any authority over the material. The epilogue is important in that aspect. It's not only that Mattie's revenge didn't accomplish anything, that it was for her merely another practical inconvenience to be bargained, paid for, and settled, like her father's ponies and saddle or the service of the US Marshall before, but that she clings to the memory of it so fiercely. What's horrifying then is not so much the violence of the West but the idealization of that violence. The film closes in a time around the turn of the century, people like Cogburn roosted in Wild West shows for a cheering audience, and Mattie is one of the people who lived to tell the tales. Out of those tales, the western of John Ford and Raoul Walsh emerged to print the legend. In a roundabout fantastic way, the Coens give us the true account, the creation myth behind the western. helpful•105 56 chaos-rampant Jan 24, 2011 Top picks Sign in to rate and Watchlist for personalized recommendationsSign in FAQ26 How long is True Grit?Powered by Alexa Is "True Grit" based on a book? In what year is True Grit set? Rooster asks Mattie what she has in her "poke." What's a poke? Details Edit Release date February 24, 2011 (Singapore) Country of origin United States Official site Official Facebook Language English Also known as True Grit: Báo Thù Filming locations Garson Studios, College of Santa Fe - 1600 Saint Michaels Drive, Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA(Studio) Production companies Paramount Pictures Skydance Media Scott Rudin Productions See more company credits at IMDbPro Box office Edit Budget $38,000,000 (estimated) Gross US & Canada $171,243,005 Opening weekend US & Canada $24,830,443 Dec 26, 2010 Gross worldwide $252,278,285 See detailed box office info on IMDbPro Technical specs Edit Runtime 1 hour 50 minutes Color Color Sound mix SDDS DTS Dolby Digital Aspect ratio 2.39 : 1 Related news Contribute to this page Suggest an edit or add missing content IMDb Answers: Help fill gaps in our data Learn more about contributing Edit page More to explore Photos 2024 Met Gala — See the Photos See the gallery Photos The Greatest Character Actors of All Time See the gallery List 5 Movies to Watch While Gearing Up for 'Furiosa' See our picks Recently viewed You have no recently viewed pages Get the IMDb app Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Follow IMDb on social Get the IMDb app For Android and iOS Help Site Index IMDbPro Box Office Mojo License IMDb Data Press Room Advertising Jobs Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Your Ads Privacy Choices IMDb, an Amazon company © 1990-2024 by IMDb.com, Inc. Back to top

